Alien Background Check
In an effort to block disguised aliens, every person that wants to buy a car is subject to an extensive background check, tracing all the way back to when his or her ancestors first came from Earth.
Automobile Industry Basics
Basic skills required to manage automobile factories.
Auto Washing Cars
A hydraulic system is built into the car's chassis, automatically washing the car with water and soap when a sensor indicates that it's dirty. Your cars always look new.
Interworld Car Transfer
Handle the annoying bureaucracy customers' face when transferring a vehicle between worlds.
Blind Spot Sensors
Small sensors placed on the side mirrors alerts the driver of any obstacle in his or her blind spots, sharply reducing accidents.
Body Shop
Your repair center also repairs damage to the car chassis.
Breath Analyzer Starter
Before starting the car, the driver blows into a plastic straw attached to the wheel, if their blood-alcohol level is too high, the car won't start. Parents are eternally grateful.
Complimentary Tune-ups
The periodic tune-up of new cars is free to your clients.
Cutthroat Sales Policy
You set very difficult sales goals for your salespeople and fire them if they don't reach them. This is survival of the fittest and only the best survive.
Design Outsourcing
Your car designs are outsourced to a very prestigious design firm. The cars look very slick and you save on the costs of maintaining an entire department.
Directional Computer
Your cars come with a built-in computer that instantly tells the driver the best route between the starting and arriving point.
Electric and Gas Engine
Your cars have an electric engine for short trips, and a gas engine for longer journeys that also recharges the batteries; reduces fuel consumption and pollution.
Ergonomic Interiors
Your cars' interiors are designed to ensure that the driving experience is as comfortable as possible.
Extensive Test Drive
Your customers can try your cars, for as long as a week, before deciding to purchase it.
Family Marketing Strategy
Once one family member buys one of your cars, your marketing team targets all the other family members, trying to convince them to buy another car.
Free Gas
You offer six months of free gas to anyone who buys one of your cars.
Glue Tires
Micro holes and a dispenser enable special glue to cover car tires, making the vehicle more stable. The glue left on the road evaporates; ecologists complain.
Hard Seats
To save money, you install cheaper hard seats in your cars. The drivers can only notice the difference in their backs after long trips.
Internal Repair Center
Your car stores have a car repair center for your clients' car repairs and maintenance needs during their cars life.
Leasing and Financing
You provide your clients more payment options.
Limited Model Selection
Your stores only carry a limited number of models. This is very cost-efficient but you can't satisfy every potential customer.
Low Quality Paint
Your factories use cheap paint on its car, as a. result cars rust more easily.
Luxurious Office
Delight your customers with a very luxurious office; they feel like they are being treated like royalty.
Massive Feature Standardization
Your factories undergo a massive standardization of all the different models' features. It's very cost-efficient but now your cars all look very similar.
New Car Smell Spray
Bottle the characteristic smell of a new car and spray it in your used ones. Your clients will buy wrecks thinking they aren't in such bad shape.
Rubber Recycling
Your factories recycle rubber from old tires to create new ones. The tire quality is only slightly affected and the public perceives you as being ecologically conscious.
Salespeople Training Course
Improves selling efficiency by properly training your salespeople.
Ultimate Air Bag
A massive air-bag, made with an extremely extensible fabric that effectively surrounds and protects everything inside the vehicle in the event of an accident, greatly improving safety.
Used Car Department
A large percentage of your potential clients can't afford to buy a new car, so your stores also have a selection of used ones.
Warranty Policy
Your cars come with a three year, 100,000 KM warranty.
Wreck Recycling
Your factories collect used cars to recycle useable parts for new models. You save money, but overall quality suffers.
Banking Basics
Assimilate the knowledge to manage banks.
Adult Entertainment
Some of your bars feature stripers and lap-dancing; sex always sells.
Bars
Paperwork for bar management, it includes the license to sell booze.
Bouncers
Tall muscular men to handle drunk and unruly customers. They also useful in preventing and breaking up bar fights.
Cheap Food Offer
Since you serve the food on plates, your customers can't see the brands you purchase. To save money you choose the lowest quality.
Dance Floor
Transform your bars into a disco to target a younger crowd.
Ethnic Cocktails
Selections of ethnic drinks for all tastes: Cuba Libre, Daiquiri, Screwdriver, Margarita and many other popular drinks are prepared by your skilled barmen.
Free Food
Complementary food with the purchase of drinks. Your customers love it and it increases their liquor tolerance so they buy more drinks.
Happy Hour
For an hour in the early evening, the price of alcoholic drinks is halved.
Homemade Wine
After a sufficient amount of drinks, your customers can't discern the quality of the wine anymore, so you serve them a cheap version made from powder.
Huge Draft Selection
A choice of at least 20 different draft beers so that you can attract beer connoisseurs.
Live Music Shows
Amateur bands perform in your bars to attract live music lovers.
No Smoking
Your bars are smoke free, a healthy alternative that will attract health conscious patrons, but you lose some valued customers.
P.R. People
Hire some of your best clients as Public Relations people to promote your bars. This is a very cheap and efficient way to expand your customer base.
Pool Tables and Darts
Your customers challenge each other at these precision games.
Strict ID Check
The barman asks customers for ID to be sure they are above the legal legal drinking age.
Theme Bars
Your bars are decorated in a particular style to target specific groups of people. Examples are Country Western saloons, Gothic basements and Gay lounges.
Alien Books
Produce books written with invented Alien languages, great for sci-fi fanatics. A niche market but valuable nonetheless.
Large Font Books
Older customers like to read books with a large font so that they don't tire out their eyes: a sensible and lucrative line of products.
Beds
Add beds to your stores reading areas so that people can try bedtime books and stories.
Best-Sellers Only
Your shops will only sell best-sellers.
Book Launchings
Sign some popular authors to exclusively launch their books with your bookstore chain.
Flirting
You hire attractive people to flirt with customers and discuss Melville at a nearby cafe.
Digital Catalog
Your stores will have computers in the aisles so customers can easily find the books they want.
Book Finding Service
Form a bookstore network that allows customers to locate rare books.
Holo-Books
Create holographic books to stock store shelves so that real books don't get damaged. Holo-books can also be taken home for a trial period. They will vanish after a pre-set number of days.
Kid's Section
Create a department in your stores that will feature books only for kids and people who have suffered severe brain-damage.
Live Writing
Make some of the signed authors go to your stores one day every month and sit in a glass cubicle where he or she will pretend to be working on his/her new project.
Positive Misinformation
You create flyers and posters with false statements and statistics to make your customers feel smarter: "To have never finished a book is a sign of intelligence."- Goethe
Poetry Club
You have a pedantic poetry club perform by the aisles where the low-priced classics are shelved. Customers will be diverted to more expensive sections.
Politically Correct Books
Your stores will only publish books certified to be non-offensive to any cult, race, idea or thing embraced or known by any number of persons or things in the past, present or future.
Braille Section
Your bookstores will have a Braille book section for blind customers.
Books Trailers
You will produce CGI trailers for the books you sell to spark interest in your clientele.
Used Books
Sell used books.
Braille Books
Produce books in the Braille alphabet for the blind. While this is costly you seem socially conscious and compassionate.
First Edition Scam
When you print the first edition of a book, you put aside a number of copies to sell them as collector's items in the future, should the book become successful.
Fancy Font
Use a beautiful artistic letter at the start of each chapter, imitating ancient manuscripts.
Flyers
Specialize in low-quality printing for flyers and other bulk advertisement products.
Font Database
Any font ever invented on earth or on one of the new worlds is stored in a massive database. This ensures the maximum variety for your clients.
High Quality Pictures
Specialize in printing very high quality pictures.
History of Printing
From Gutenberg to laser printing, study the history of printing to improve the quality of your products now.
Holograms
Learn how to apply holograms on paper. They are very cool to look at and really difficult to forge.
Luxury Binding
Use silk, leather and other resistant threads to make luxurious book covers.
Banknote Outsourcing
When the immigration rate in a new world is high, the mint can't produce enough local currency, they outsource banknote printing to your plants. Returns are high and it raises your business profile.
Plastic Books
Produce books whose pages are laminated so that customers can read them underwater or in the outdoors.
Printing Industry Basics
Basic skills to manage printing plants.
High Quality Magazines
Print high-end magazines for a cultural savvy audience.
Watermarks
Learn how to engrave sheets of paper with precious filaments of metal.
Anti-Spy System
To avoid the theft of intellectual property, factories have a very tight security system in place. As a result you can improve processes without worrying about the competition stealing the ideas.
Chemistry Basics
License to produce chemicals.
Crisis Monitoring Center
You establish a task force in your industry headquarter that monitors all your plants and alerts authorities in the event of a crisis. This centralized procedure permits you to save money on security
Purifier Upgrading
You use the best purifiers available, constantly updgrading. While this is somewhat costly, it's good for public opinion that is strongly in favor of it.
Dioxin Emission Control
You have a special procedure that restricts the emission of the substance that has caused the largest chemical disasters in human history.
Evacuation Plan
Every plant has a detailed evacuation plan for the area immediately surrounding it, in the event of an emergency. This plan results in the neighborhood being a little more welcoming of the factory.
Extraterrestrial Chemistry
Earth and the other worlds have slightly different chemistry laws. By studying them you improve the quality of your products and the efficiency of your plants.
Extra Strong Vacuum Pumps
Plants are equipped with extra strong vacuum pumps to ensure a better environment for the chemical reactions.
Full-Body Protection
Every plant employee must wear a full-body protective suit for security reasons.
In-House Waste Disposal
Waste from chemical processes never officially leaves the plant. However, disposal methods are unclear and environmentalists express concern.
Internal Hospital And Fire Station
Every large plant has a small internal hospital and a fire station. This instills your employees with confidence, making them work better. You seem like you really care.
Large Chemical Factories
Learn the basic skills to create and manage large chemical plants.
Massive Chemical Storage
Notwithstanding the fact this process can be perceived as dangerous, your factories buy chemicals in bulk and keep a large amount in stock; reducing costs and avoiding any potential shortages.
Frequent Instrument Replacement
Your factories implement a policy calling for the compulsory and frequent replacement of small disposable instruments like Bunsen burners and glass test tubes.
Raw Material Control
Before any purchased raw material is used for your factories processes', it undergoes an internal check.
Recycling Chemical Waste
When possible, all chemical waste produced is used for other chemical processes. The quality is lowered, but it demonstrates an environmentally friendly attitude.
Total Plant Automation
Your plants are completely automated improving security, quality and efficiency. Humans remain due to union pressure and act as controllers.
Altering Mirrors
Special mirrors that make customers look slimmer.
Antialien Suit
This is a precaution since nobody has ever seen an alien.
Advanced Top Clothing Design
Research this to have access to the best design techniques available.
Automatic Laser Sewing
Laser stitches replace sewing, while the process is quite efficient garments can sometimes look dull.
Large Sizes
Some of your stores specialize in clothes for overweight people.
Compliment Delivery
One of your shop assistants poses as a customer and drops casual compliments to customers that are deciding whether to purchase the clothes that they are trying on.
Client Taste and Measurements Database
Store the measurements and clothing tastes of your clients in a database; call them at home when your store receives something they may like.
Clothes Manufacturing
License to manage clothes factories.
Clothes Gluing
Pieces of fabric are glued together; garments get bulky.
Complimentary Accessories
Accessories such as belts, ties and gloves are given to client as a gift when they spend a lot of money.
Couture Dresses
Bring couture pieces from Earth's most famous designers.
Dry Cleaning Service
On-site dry cleaning service for clothes purchased in your stores.
Fashion Consultants
Specially trained employees that advise customers about the latest trends and fashions.
Gay Clothing Designs
Design and produce clothes specifically for the gay man or woman tastes.
High Quality Suits
Superior quality suits for managers and CEO.
History of Clothing
A broad knowledge of clothing throughout the ages allows for better designs.
History of Footwear
A broad knowledge of the evolution of footwear throughout the ages allows for superior shoe designs.
Hypnotic Attire
Learn how to produce clothing that is the center of attention.
Limited Size Selection
Your shops only carry the more common sizes. You can't satisfy everybody but it's more cost-efficient.
Lingerie Selection
Luxurious undergarments for wealthy customers.
Large Scale Clothing Manufacturing
Learn the basic skills required to manage large scale clothing manufacturing.
Used Clothes Recycle Bins
Your stores have bins where clients can drop off clothes, they no longer use. You give these items to charity.
Disposable Clothes
Low quality clothes that are thrown away instead of washed.
Out-of-Fashion Stock
Since fashion is cyclic, you store clothes that are not in style anymore, until they are in fashion again.
Real Time Tailoring
The little adjustment like pant's hem are performed just after the purchase.
Small Change Rooms
To speed up lazy customers and gain more display space.
Sponsor Shirts
Various firms commission shirts from you with their logo, for advertisement purposes.
Sportswear
Produce a line of active wear and sports clothes.
Top Clothing Design Basics
Research the basics of how to make fine clothing and footwear.
Traditional Costumes
Bring old Earth traditions to the new worlds by reproducing ethnic outfits.
Unifoot Shoes
Like unisex clothes, but for your feet. The right shoe is identical to the left shoe. The shoe shape is designed to accommodate both the right and left foot.
Used Clothes Refurbishing
Instead of giving used clothes to charities, your in-house tailors repair them and you put them out for sale again.
Advanced Geology
Study the most advanced topics in extraterrestrial geology. This is mandatory for more advanced researches in this field.
Advanced Mine Security
Protect your workers from the toxic emissions from the planet.
Advanced Coal Sensors
Develop more efficient methods to detect impurities in ore.
Extra Air Shafts
Extra air shafts make it easier for workers in the mines, but the abundance of oxygen can corrupt some delicate minerals.
Exoskeletons
The miners use hydraulic exoskeletons to extract ore, this method is very fast but not as precise.
Extraterrestrial Mining
Stop mining like you were on earth; take advantage of specific planet conditions.
Large Scale Mining
Learn the basic skills to manage large mines.
Magnetic Elevators
Elevators operating with natural magnetic fields are far more secure than normal elevators.
Microexplosions
Instead of large explosions in your mines, hundreds of small explosions are carried out to uncover ore.
Miner Locator
Every miner has a transmitter that always transmits his or her exact location: fundamental in emergencies.
Mining Basics
Learn the basic skills to deal with minery.
Mining Bacteria
Create large populations of rock eating bacteria to facilitate access to coal. This practice has not been proven harmful to humans. However, workers remain skeptical about this fact.
Mining Droids
Replace humans by droids for the most dangerous tasks.
Coal Adulteration
Learn how to introduce doses of common rocks in order to increase production.
Remote Control Carts
The mining carts are controlled remotely from a centralized office.
Steam Drills
Use highly dense steam-beams to melt rocks and uncover ore.
Underground Charting
Develop underground charts of the areas where your mines operate. It not only helps manage your mining operations, but it also increases the sense of security.
Alternative CD Cases
Create luxury cases for your CDs, so that they will look attractive on bookshelves or racks.
Anti-Copying System
If someone tries to copy your CD, the CD will melt in the CD-burner, hopelessly ruining it.
Artist Subscription Service
Your customers can subscribe to a service that automatically ships them their favorite artist's new CD as soon as it's released.
Audio Books
Produce audio versions of famous books for the blind and commuters.
Old fashioned Background Noise
Add the option of playing CD tracks with a faint scratchy background noise; ideal for people nostalgic of the vinyl era.
Biodegradable CDs
To avoid that discarded CDs increase waste, use a special plastic-like material derived from corn that is biodegradable.
CD Player Cleaner
The non-playable side of your CD is specially designed to clean CD players. To clean, simply insert the CD upside down and press play.
CD Signing
Just like with books, have musicians come to your stores to meet the public and autograph their CD.
Dancing Demonstration
When a new dance song becomes a hit, everybody won't know how to dance to it; hire professional dancers to perform an in-store demonstration.
Edible CDs
Why stop at biodegradable? Add taste to these special plastics so that poor people can dine on unused CDs. Strangely enough, banana flavored ones produce better sound quality.
Ecological Lasers
Use environmentally friendly lasers that won't produce any waste when discarded at the end of their lifecycle.
Loyalty Card
As a promotional offer, your clients get a free CD for every ten they buy.
Flexible CDs
Since your CDs are scratch-resistant, you may as well use a lighter and cheaper plastic that bends.
Free CD for the Blind
The Blind can get a free CD from your strore every month.
Your workers wear full-body protection to avoid even minimal contact with laser beams.
CD Industry Basics
Basic skills to manage CD Plants.
Infomercial CD Sales
Recycle old songs by creating compilation CDs, specifically for sale on TV. Large viewing audiences generate very favorable returns.
Karaoke Ready
When you play CDs, the CD player display will the song's lyrics so people to sing along.
Listening Stations
Put several CD players in your stores so that customers can listen to a CD before buying it.
Live Performances
Instead of just signing, musicians perform songs from their CD, live in your store.
Mini CDs
Put entire albums on mini CDs, by compressing the tracks. The sound quality suffers slightly, but you save a lot in plastic.
Music Consultant
One of your employees is a music expert who provides your customers with music advice based on their personal tastes.
Music Snobs
When you want sell a CD you've overstocked, hire someone that poses as a customer and talks loudly about the respective CD praising the musician as the next Beethoven.
CD Repair Station
Your clients can use this machine to automatically fix scratched CDs.
Rewritable CDs
In the event a CD buyer gets tired of the CD, he or she can always reuse it to burn new stuff on it.
Singing Stations
Transform your listening stations into a soundproof cabin, where karaoke lovers can sing along to their favorite tunes.
Universal Song Database
Create a universal song database in which all the songs, ever recorded on Earth and on the New Worlds, are registered. Very useful in satisfying your customers requests.
Tune Expert
To help customers who remember a song but not its title, they can whistle it to your tune expert who will recognize it immediately.
Scratch Resistant CDs
It's impossible to scratch your CDs, no matter how hard you try.
Specially Priced CD Bins
Instead of returning unsold CDs, stick them in a special price bin. Someone will buy them eventually, even if it's only because they are so cheap.
Used CD Section
People can buy or sell used CDs in a special section of your store.
CD Melting Security
To avoid piracy, the CDs you produce melt if someone tries to copy them, hopelessly ruining the CD burner in the process.
Cell Phone Technology
The production of applications to be used on the small screens of cellular phones: from emails to word processing to instant messaging.
Cheap Hardware
Hardware development is so fast that it makes no sense to spend a lot of money buying something that will last a long time.
Convoluted Code
To avoid technology stealing through reverse engineering, the code your firms produce is very convoluted and almost impossible to understand by external developers.
Digital Movies
The production of entirely computer generated movies for promotional and artistic purposes.
Hacker Recruiting
The best programmers on the Internet are the hackers. You find them and offer them a well paid job.
Hologram Graphics
Graphic development for a new and truly 3D experience.
Intraworld E-Commerce
Using the data transfer technology you can build sites for e-commerce between the different worlds.
Laptops and Docking Stations
Instead of normal desktop computers, your employees use a laptop that is connected to a docking station in the office: practical but not as reliable.
Oceanus History
A historical study of best ever videogame design company on Earth: Oceanus Communications. A very useful way to inspire your developers.
Relaxed Work Environment
To encourage the creative process, there is no dress code or fixed hours for your employees.
Computer Services Basics
Assimilate the knowledge to manage computer services facilities.
Portal Data Transfer
Digital information between worlds is transmitted by cables that are physically connected when the portal is opened. Special code is written to ensure the fast and precise transmission of information.
Videogame Development
Some of your firms specialize in the development of videogames: a very noble and rewarding profession.
Virus and Antivirus Business
You have a department that secretly creates new deadly computer viruses; your company officially creates the corresponding antivirus. Unleash the virus and sell the antivirus.
Telework
Set up a cable connection at all your employees' homes and have them work mainly from home. Improves their overall performance.
24 Hour Support Line
Give your customers access to a help line 24/7 so that they can call any time they have problems with their computer.
Computer Production
Basic skills to manage Computer factories.
Braille Computers
Your stores sell computers adapted for the blind, with Braille keys and special electricity-emitting pads that replace screens.
Goodbye Clones
You don't sell clones anymore, only known brands.
Five Year Warranty
Nowadays computers do not make it more than five years. Providing customers with a five year warranty is not much different than a three year warranty, but you look better.
Free Repair Department
Free in-store repair center for your customers.
Cordless Mouse
Providing a cordless mouse with a computer doesn't impact your bottom line, but today people love gadgets.
Docking Station
You offer a docking station which enables your customers to plug-in their portable computer, transforming them into desktops.
Executive Office Furniture
Extremely luxuries office furniture produced for especially for executives. These furnishings create a very pleasant working environment and give your factories a sophisticated aura.
Fake Plants
They are as nice as the real ones and they don't require any maintenance. The easiest way to create a pleasant working environment.
Fake Windows
For an office that doesn't have real windows, you provide screens with different views. The user can choose from a variety of panoramas.
Fingerprint Access
A security measure that requires an employee to press his or her left thumb fingerprint onto a special device in order to verify their identity and gain access to the workstation.
Food and Drink Dispensers
You produce special food and drink dispensers so that you can decrease the amount of time employees use for lunch.
One Year Free Internet
You provide customers with one year free access to the New World Internet. Seems cool, but due to the newness of the worlds there are very few sites.
Game Bundling
Your stores throw-in free games and demos when a computer or other device is purchased.
General Backup System
A unit that periodically backs up all the hard disks in the office.
Home Theatre Style PCs
Home computers can be used as home theatres. Ideal for playing games, watching videos and listening to music while pretending to work.
LAN Setup Service
For a low price, your customers can have one of your technicians go to their house and hook-up all their computers to a LAN.
Modular Furniture
The perfect way to furnish open spaces, the pieces all look similar and offer great efficiency.
Office Light Optimization
Optimization of light sources in the office improves the quality of work and saves on electricity.
Paper Recycling System
You offer an integrated recycling solution that produces new paper from discarded paper products, within the office.
Password Generator
Every informatics applications requires a password. They're easy to forget; this special device examines your brain and identifies passwords that you can't forget.
PC for Charity
Accept your customers used computers, complete a quick check-up, and then donate them to charity organizations for free.
Printer Repair Process
A transmitter built into the printer automatically alerts your factories when a repair is required.
Programmers Display
Pay some computer developers to come in and pretend to program in a glass enclosure in the middle of your store so that your customers can see how software is created.
Robotic Delivery System
If you need to deliver memos and documents from office to office, there is nothing like these little cute robots that speed through the corridors.
Shock Mouse
A special mouse that, measures the user's heartbeat, and emits a small electrical shock when he/she starts to fall asleep . A little barbaric but efficient.
Software Monitoring System
Afraid that your employees will use their computers to play videogames and view porn? This system monitors and cancels any non-work related software from their hard disks.
Touch Sensitive Screens
Typing is done by touching icons on the screen. It's difficult to get used to, but it enables you to avoid purchasing keyboards for your computers.
Two for One
You offer two computers for the price of one to your customers and then sell them the LAN set up service to recover the extra costs.
Annual Inspection and Tune-up
Every computer sold at your store is entitled to an annual check up at your in-house repair center.
Alien Artifacts Awareness Plan
Digging foundations on the new planet lead you to uncover some alien artifacts. You create a department to monitor excavations for these artifacts.
Seismic-proof Structures
Even if there haven't yet been any large scale earthquakes in the new worlds, to be on the safe side, your buildings are completely seismic-proof.
Automated Construction Site
All the construction machinery is operated by an on-site centralized computer. While this is very efficient, complaints are raised by unions.
Vault Foundation
Upon the request of clients, your buildings include a security vault in the foundation: clients can safely store valuables of any kind.
Construction Basics
Assimilate the knowledge to deal with Construction industries.
Corporate Atriums
Your company has a line of extremely luxurious entrances for corporations that want to make a sophisticated statement to visiting clients. You provide everything from precious materials to art pieces.
Demolition Strategy
Your buildings are built in such a way that enables easy demolishion, if needed. A very handy feature in the ever-changing and growing new world economy.
Draw Your Own House
Who needs architects? Bring a sketch of the house of your dreams and we will build it for you.
Extraterrestrial Gravity Study
By studying how the new world's slightly different gravity impacts construction materials, you are able to create better and more durable buildings.
Landscaping Elements
You give your client's buildings a special design touch, with fountains, sculptures and other external architectural elements.
Marble Refinishing
The ornamental details of your buildings include marble, a nice colorful touch.
Modular Floors
The easiest way to build skyscrapers: your company assembles each floor on the ground and then piles them on top of the foundation.
Portal Inspired Details
Portals are the only form of alien architecture that humanity has experienced. These portals provide a new revolutionary template for design: you incorporate it in the decor of interiors.
Secret Passageways
Ever dreamt of living in a medieval castle with all those secret passageways? Now you can. Regardless of the type of building, it will be filled with secret doors and hidden corridors.
Security Walls
If your buildings have particular security needs, you may want special walls that are dynamite proof.
Suspect Mounds
To eliminate the large amount of waste from construction and demolishing, your workers conceal it in mounds that mysteriously appear overnight in empty areas.
24 Hour Production
Your rigs never stop working. More efficient but some concern is expressed by unions about the long shifts.
Centralized Quality Control
Your industrial headquarter has a quality control center that analyzes the crude oil extracted from your rigs and varies the production quota accordingly. Your oil is always sold at the same quality.
Extraterrestrial Drill Customization
The drills on your rigs are customized according to the soil's consistency, which is slightly different from Earth.
Earthquake Analyses
By analyzing the extraterrestrial worlds' small seismic movements, you are able to find the best drilling pattern for reaching the oil deposits.
Ecological Disaster Prevention Strategy
All third parties that transport your oil have to subscribe to general rules of transport in order to prevent the dispersion of oil in the environment.
Emergency Valves
For security reasons, all your rigs have valves that automatically shut off in the event of an accident.
High Quality Drilling Mud
A special combination of chemicals and clay is used as a lubricant for your drills.
Impurity Eating Bacteria
In order to purify the crude oil, a special colony of bacteria is introduced in your silos.
Intelligent Pigs
Your rigs use devices with sensors, called "intelligent pigs", to examine pipelines for corrosion and defects. They are periodically sent down the pipes to perform small repairs.
Massive Oil Storage
To optimize deliveries, you store oil, en masse, at the extraction site. This is more cost-efficient, but somewhat dangerous.
Oil Production
Learn how to create and exploit oil rigs.
Rock Squeezing Process
In your rigs, the rocks around the oil deposits are extracted and crashed in order to obtain the embedded oil sediments.
Parts Routine Cleaning Procedure
The routine general cleaning of the rig and all its parts.
Shock Wave Deposit Quantification
Periodic explosions are carried out on the boundaries of oil deposits, through microphones that receive the shock waves and analyze them, you can determine the deposits shape and size.
Solid Oil Storage
The extracted oil is stored below its "Pour Point": the temperature at which it is solid. Less dangerous and much less storage space is needed.
Volatile Gas
You collect the gas produced by crude oil. By compressing, you are able to increase your production. Ecologists praise the reduced volatile emissions.
Anti-Paper Campaign
To promote Electronic Ink, you launch a anti-paper media campaign with an ecological slant.
Self-Destructing Components
To avoid the theft of your technology, your components are destroyed by acid if opened after they've been sealed.
CPU Power Theorem
Following the theory that the power of a PC's CPU doubles every three years, your factories accordingly implement a long term production plan.
Electronics Production
Assimilate the knowledge to manage the production of electronics.
Electronic Ink
Produce electronic ink: micro magnetic particles that once subjected to a particular magnetic field arrange themselves into letters and words. The end of the era of paper notebooks.
Faraday Houses
Build a Faraday Cage around houses to protect customers from lighting, this also kills static. Perceived as a security measure.
Global Wiring Plan
Implement a strategy to build an Internet Network on the extraterrestrial worlds.
Large Scale Electronics Production
Manage large scale electronics production.
Metal Detector
To prevent workers from stealing costly parts, your plants have metal detectors at the entrances.
Nano-circuits
Build the smallest electronic circuits possible; they are extremely precise and reliable, but they have to be assembled in a total vacuum environment.
PC Parts Auto Replacement
A service that automatically ships customer's the latest components for their personal computers as soon as it's produced. This ensures they always have the most up-to-date pc.
Personal Id Chips
You produce a new circuit to be inserted under human skin that serve as Id once scanned by an external device. The public opinion fears "Big Brother" scenarios.
The Beginner Electrician
A crafty way to get rid of the surplus of electronic components: sell a selection of them in a box for amateur electricians.
Universal Component
All your electronic components evolve from a basic universal component: cost effective, but the quality of the derivates suffers.
Vacuum Assembling
Your electronic parts are assembled in vacuum tight environments. The absence of air prevents any impurities.
Wafers Recycling Program
Your factories collect old circuit boards wafers to recycle them for new circuits.
Magnetic Monitoring
Every time a suspended wire is installed, a test to see if the magnetic field disturbs the inhabitants of the surrounding area is performed.
3D Looms
Several college studies have lead to the conclusion that 3D Looms are superior to looms that are only 2D. 4D still remains nonsensical.
Advanced Fashion Knowledge
Learn what makes a design good and how to meet the needs of each social class, in terms of clothing and footwear.
Mutating Fabric
Produce fabrics that will mutate color according to the environment, so your outfit will never again be the same as someone else's.
Basic Fashion Knowledge
Your designers really need understand that clothing, other than keeps people from going around naked, must also look good. Research provides them with that basic knowledge.
Biodegradable fabrics
Develop fabrics that are easily assimilated by nature once discarded.
Blind Point Designs
Allows for fabric patterns that use less die on certain areas of the garment, where the blind point of the eye is more likely to be focused.
Coulomb Fabrics
These threads are kept very near each other by using a static electric field.
Fabric Stretching
Develop a procedure that stretches fabrics once they have been completed.
Inverted Knitting
Introduce looms with inverted sliding. While it leaves small irregular holes in the fabric, it's usually imperceptible to the average eye.
Living Fabrics
Develop fabrics of organic semi-alive organisms. Garments made of these fabrics tend to be highly adaptive to environmental conditions and very appealing to the human eye.
Large Scale Textile Plants
Knowledge to create and manage large textile plants.
Mutant Caterpillars
This species enables you to obtain some very fine raw materials for the production of threads and fabrics.
NATO Polyester
Assimilate NATO's designs for highly durable fabric.
Quick Die
An easy way to die fabrics by applying watercolor, using dry turbines.
Mutating Fashions
Sometimes just being different is not enough. Fabrics need to mutate color and patterns according to what fashion stipulates.
Silencers
Install huge noise-eaters near looms.
Synthetic Threads
Replace a lot of organic materials with synthetic components.
Textile Production
Textile production basic skills.
Top Fashions
Want to produce the best fabrics and clothing on your world? Make people believe they like what you design: possess their minds to become a driving force in fashion.
Vertical Looms
Develop stacking looms, which saves you a lot of space.
Advanced Genetics
Incorporate genetics' latest discoveries into your company's research and devleopment.
Artificial Sunlight
Develop a special greenhouse glass that replicates the parameters of earth's sunlight.
Automatic Irrigation
An automated system that monitors land and only irrigates it when necessary.
Biogenic Feeding
Animal's digestive system is connected to a centralized system which pumps out food.
Mutant Colonial Plants
Develop a mutant vegetable species.
Extraterrestrial Climate
Learn how the planet's climate conditions can affect or improve farm production.
Extraterrestrial Genetics
Study the colony's genetic heritage.
Farming
License to build farms.
Induced Photosynthesis
Increase the ability to generate energy in plants, thus accelerating their growth.
Large Farms
Develop the basic skills necessary to create and manage large farms.
Mice Recycling
Farm mice are used for livestock food.
Personal Hygiene Control
Employees are constantly cleaned at hygiene halls.
Plague Control System
Plagues are detected and automatically exterminated.
Skinless Pigs
Pigs with no skin contain less fat.
Synthetic Animal Food
Helps feed livestock.
Synthetic Soil
Expand the area of cultivation.
Vegetable Music
Increase plants growth by creating a rich musical environment.
Water Control
Check farm water for harmful micro-organisms.
Water Pumps
Ease nutritious flow in organoponic cultivation.
Daily Farm Deliveries
Daily deliveries of fresh vegetables and fruit directly from farms; the way best to ensure freshness.
Deli Counter
Add cooked food to the deli selection of your stores.
Expiry Date Altering
Everybody knows that food can be eaten even after its expiry date. Change the date on the packages that are about to expire.
Extraterrestrial Vegetables
Selling of the few edible vegetables discovered on the new worlds.
Flowers
The daily deliveries from farms include cultivated flowers. Another line of business for your stores.
Food Integrity Daily Controls
Every day your products are checked, rotten produce and damaged packaged goods are thrown away.
Hygiene Checks
Frequent hygienic checks to ensure a clean environment for the display and storage of food.
Monthly Payment Option
You offer your regular customers the possibility of opening an account at your store and only having to pay at the end of the month.
No-Brand Food
Low quality food of unknown brands. Cheaper but not as good.
Oven
Fresh baked breads and pizzas in your stores. Baked every hour, there's nothing like bread that's still warm from the oven.
Party Orders
Large food orders for parties: everything is needed, from chips to desserts.
Self-Serve Vegetable Picking
Customers choose and pick fruits and vegetables they want to purchase directly from the shelves.
Senior Citizen Free Home Delivery
Courtesy service for retired customers. Very much appreciated.
Specialized Stores
Instead of having every store selling all types of food, you have specialized stores like bakeries, meat shops, fish shops etc.
Worker's Quick Lunch
Your stores prepare sandwiches and small meal plates that can be eaten while standing. For nearby office and factory workers this alternative is faster and cheaper than going to restaurants and bars.
Conference Call Funerals
It may be too difficult to attend a funeral, especially on another planet. A special broadcast and transmission arrangement permits loved ones to remotely say goodbye to the dearly departed.
Coffin Alarm
For people who are afraid to be buried alive. An alarm is installed inside the coffin, along an air reserve. If the deceased wakes up, he or she can trigger the alarm and be rescued.
Coffin Vision
Some people cannot live without seeing their dearly departed loved one. You put a camera inside the coffin connected to a monitor that your clients can watch every day. The fact that the body is slowl
Sometimes the corpse isn't in good enough shape to be displayed. You pay actors to lay down in the coffin disguised as the departed for the funeral reception.
Crematory
Your funeral parlors have built-in crematories for people who want to be burnt to ashes after their departure.
Embalming
Stuff the client's body and treat their skin to prevent putrefaction. Some people like to preserve their beloved for eternity.
Ethnic Ceremonies
From flaming pyres to mummification, you offer clients any possible religious and ethnic funeral.
Family Special
Pre-book funerals for all the family, no matter their age, huge savings for everybody, both the clients and your parlors.
Funeral Parlour Basics
Paperwork for managing funeral parlours.
Halloween Props
Rent the parlor's furniture and accessories for Halloween parties; a creative way to generate revenues.
Hospital Sentinels
Save money on ads by paying someone to monitor hospitals. When a there is a death, you immediately contact the family and offer them your services.
Luxury Urns
For clients that want their ashes kept in over-the-top precious urns.
Mediums and Psychics
Hire psychics so that clients can discuss the funeral arrangements with their dearly deceased.
Pet Funerals
Why limit the care of the departed only to humans? Lots of animal lovers are willing to pay for a full fledge funeral for their beloved pets.
Wax Museum Connection
When famous people die, you sell the exact measurements of their body to wax museums, so that they can create a perfect replica for their exposition.
Wig Production
It's common knowledge that hair keeps growing for a while after the body has died. Use the hair cut from the corpses to create wigs and sell them to unknowing specialty shop.
Barbra Streisand furniture
Get a copyright license of the furniture found at the Barbara Streisand Museum in Tel Aviv. Warning: Some people will perceive them as truly horrible pieces of furniture.
Flexible furniture
Furniture is prepared to arc gracefully under the weight of the user, making for a very comfortable experience.
Assembly courses
Create a department that teaches customers how to assemble the furniture they buy.
Bring-It-Home
The store will deliver furniture to the potential buyer's house so that it can be tested by the entire family.
Dinner Test
Dining sets are showcased with food so that customers can get the entire experience.
Full House Special
A special discount for customers that furnish their entire home with items from your store.
Hammock Training
Offer a course to teach customers the tricky art of sleeping in a hammock.
Furniture Production
Get the license and basic knowledge to manage furniture factories.
Lifetime Guarantee
Offer lifetime warranties on the items you sell.
Repair Department
In-store repair center for your customers.
Sleepover Program
Allow customers to sleep in the store for one night; an effective way to test beds and mattresses.
Salespeople-As-Customers
When they are initially hired, your salespeople agree that they will buy all their furniture from your store.
Inexperienced Technicians
To save money, your repair center only employs very young technicians.
Furniture Vertical Storage
All the furnitures you sell are in rectangular boxes. By storing them on top of each other you save a lot of space, but sometimes items may get a little scratched.
Growing furniture
Add enough water and sun, and you will be able to turn a queen size bed into a king size one in one week.
Kids Line
Produce miniature furniture for kids.
Lego Furniture
Build all your furniture from from individual pieces.
Massage Furniture
Produce furniture that can deliver a relaxing massage. Very relaxing.
Noncombustible furniture
Produce furniture that not only won't burn, it can even be used to put out a fire.
Personalized Furniture
Furniture that can learn from the user so that it can make itself as useful as possible.
Psychic Chair
Furniture is shaped in a way that permits it to resonate with universal psychic waves, making the user feel connected to the Universe.
Smart Desk
Produce desks with a built-in electronic organizer. It will keep papers organized and remind the user of important events.
Super Glue
Develop special glue that will keep furniture pieces together for centuries.
Super Wood
A process that enables you to grow wood directly into the shape of the product. The differences are not noticeable, but furniture is prone to break when used by overweight individuals.
Thorns
Produce pieces that can recognize criminal fingerprints and cast numerous thorns in a legitimate act of self defense.
Universal Chair
Produce the famous universal chair, designed by the late Michael Chang.
Used Furniture Market
Market your store's used furniture every week.
Waterproof pieces
This will enable the production of delicate wood furniture that will even be able to endure harsh weather (like a refined Louis XIV barbecue set).
24 Hour Service
Your gas stations are always opened - 24/7.
Accessory Shop
Everything a driver may need: from sun glasses to deodorant.
Anti-Electric Car Campaign
Worried by the increasing popularity of electric cars, you launch a campaign underlining how much less powerful their engine's are. Ecologists are not happy about this.
Asbestos Clothes
Your workers only wear asbestos clothes when in the plant's high temperature environments. It makes them a little clumsier but their overall safety is extremely improved.
Self-Cleaning Pumps
Special pumps that periodically clean themselves.
Automatic Plate Payment
A device reads car's license plates when at that pump and automatically charges the owner's credit card: quick and efficient.
Bacteria Purification
Implement a bacteria purification system in the event your suppliers have researched "Impurity Eating Bacteria". Removing the bacteria improves gas's quality.
Car Engine Detergent
You mix a special cleaner with your fuel, so that when it circulates through the car, it keeps all the engine parts clean. Drivers like it a lot.
Car Wash
Your stations have a car washing facility.
Colored Smoke Emission
Your chimneys emit colored smoke. It looks nicer and you can discharge more claiming that the color only makes it seem like more. Some environmentalists think the color increases pollution.
Automatic Crude Oil Mixing
Computer controlled mixing of the crude oil received from the different suppliers.
Filter Rotation
No need to periodically shut down your plants to clean their filters. With two filtration systems for each chimney, you only need to rotate them for cleaning, instead stopping production.
Diesel Production
To diversify your offering, you produce this cheaper combustible.
Directional and Weather Computer
At your stations a computerized machine informs customers of the best route to take and the weather conditions they will encounter.
Flammable Items Ban
You forbid your employees from bringing any flammable items into the plant, clothes included. It's an appreciated security measure.
Free Oil Change
With a large gas purchase you are offered a free oil change.
Gas Fireplaces
Why burn wood when you can have a very efficient fireplace that uses a specially made gas: a great new line of business for your company.
Long Shifts
Since your station is always open, you force your employees to work long shifts in order to save money.
Octane Selection
Your plants produce three different kind of gas with different octane concentrations. Your customers can choose depending on how much power they want for their cars.
Pump Tuning
Your company offers a monthly pump cleaning and tuning service to stations that purchase their gas: avoids leaks and impurity.
Oxygen Concentration Study
Since the oxygen concentration in the extraterrestrial worlds' air is slightly different from the Earth's, you need to alter your gas manufacturing in order to obtain perfect combustion.
Pit Stop
For race fanatics, your stations offer a "race-like-stop": a team takes over and quickly refuels your car, rotates your tires and checks their pressure. You feel like a race car driver.
Plate Marketing Strategy
From the plates you are able to get information about your customers and can implement a marketing strategy directed precisely to them.
Points Card
For your regular customers. Every time they purchase gas, they accumulate points that can be used towards free gifts.
Gas Production
Learn how to refine oil and produce gasoline.
Repair Center
You have a mechanic at every station.
Rocket and Airplane Fuel Production
You provide fuel for planes and, to help stimulate the space ship industry, high powered rocket fuel.
Self Service Only
Self service only at your pumps.
SOS Service
You provide emergency assistance with towing and repair service.
Unleaded Only Production
You only sell unleaded fuel. Considering there are very few cars that still even use the old standard fuel, and the benefit for the environment, it's a winning choice.
Valet Refilling
As soon as a customer enters the station, he or she leaves the car with an employee who takes care of refilling the vehicle. In the meanwhile, the customer waits in a comfortable room.
Commerce Facilities
Paperwork necessary for commerce facilities management.
Public Facilities
Paperwork necessary for managing public facilities such as schools, hospitals and police stations.
Distributed Direction
The usual paperwork necessary for establishing and organizing a company.
Industrial Facilities
Paperwork necessary for the management of industries.
Ministry Administration
Monument Reproduction
Acquire the skills to reproduce monuments.
Water Quest Licenses
Build urban structures on water. Since it will allow you to build residentials, commerce and offices over the water this research will require 3 IFEL Licenses.
24 Hour Technical Service
Your TV breaks at the start of a football game. Your air conditioner blows up in the middle of the hottest day of the year. Call our technicians and in half an hour someone will be at your house!!
Alien Alarm
You create an alarm that measures the temperature and chemical emissions of whoever enters the house. If it's not human, the alarm automatically alerts police.
Artificial Pets
Small robots that resemble cats, dog or birds, benefit from only experiencing the positive part of having a pet: perceived as unnatural and sick by some.
Coin Slots
Appliances that only work by inserting money, the customer gets the key to collect the money. Useful for big families to save money; appliances are used less and last longer.
Disintegrating Bins
Tired of putting the garbage out? These bins vaporize garbage into the atmosphere.
Fake Fireplace
The fireplace is shown on a video however, it's connected to the house's heating system so that when the customer turns it on, the temperature in the house automatically increases.
Comprehensive Entertainment System
The ultimate multimedia machine, everything is connected to a computer that acts as a central station: TV, stereo, Internet, videogames all together.
House Special
A special discount to customers that buy all their appliances from your store. Given the high number of purchases, you are able to sneak in some lower quality pieces.
General Remote
All the appliances in the customer's house are operated by one remote control.
Appliances Production
Assimilate the knowledge to get the License to manage Household Appliances factories.
Hidden Appliances
For people who doesn't want to see appliances in their house, moveable panels and fake walls hide them.
Hi-Fi Directional Speakers
Special ventriloquist-like speakers that project music directly into the listener's ears.
Hi-Fi Room
There is a room in the store with the best listening environment possible, specifically for trying out all the different stereo systems.
Holographic TV
Revolutionary 3D TV. With this holographic technology TV viewers don't need to wear annoying 3D glasses.
Home Theater
Build the perfect room for listening to music and watching TV in the client's house. Provide everything that's needed: from quadraphonic sound to ergonomic chairs.
Lifetime Warranty
People tend to forget how long their warranty is for and tend to assume that it has expired. As a result, providing a lifetime warranty is not much more costly than providing a three year warranty.
Large Scale Appliance Production
Learn the basic skills to manage the production of large scale household appliances.
Machine Rental
For people who move a lot, you rent every appliance: from toasters to 50 inch TVs.
Morphing Pet
Choose the domestic animal you want daily with this special shape-changing robot: from a guard dog to a hairy cat, it will transform itself on request.
One Day Technology Course
Do your kids make fun of you because you don't know how to operate a VCR or a CD player? A one day in-store course reveals the mystery of technology to the more traditional customer.
Salespeople-As-Customer
When they are hired, your salespeople agree to only buy their appliances from your store.
Ultrasound Washing Machine
No detergent is needed, thanks to the ultrasound waves. Ecologically sound and practical.
Ultra Thin TV
Produce TVs thin as paintings. Picture quality is excellent.
Universal Machine
Unify all the most common kitchen appliances into a single machine. It's not quite as good as the single pieces separately, but your factories are much more efficient.
Unscreened Components
To save money, your products are not properly screened for external electromagnetic interference.
Used Machine Market
A weekly market, outside your store, of used appliances. Enables you to recycle old machines.
Used Unit Recycling
You give customers a discount to purchase new products when they give you back the used ones. You can recycle parts still in good shape.
Vertical Storage
All the appliances you sell are in rectangular boxes. By storing them on top of each other you save a lot of space, but sometimes stuff gets a little scratched.
Voice Activator
All your appliances can be operated by vocal commands.
Annual Inspection and Tune Up
Equipment purchased by your customers is eligible for an annual check up at the in-store repair center.
Associate Goal
Your lawyers can become associates if they work long hours for many years.
Charity Work
Every lawyer has to work for free on a few cases every year; for people that can't afford to pay legal fees.
Compulsory Quota
Your lawyers must win a fixed quota of cases every year or they are fired.
Corporate Cars
You provide your lawyers with luxurious company cars.
Digital Library Only
No need to use those monstrously large volumes to consult, all legal information is on digital devices. Sometimes viruses can destroy some information, but in the end you save many trees.
Extraterrestrial Law
Lawyers that specialize in trade and extradition issues between worlds.
Hospital Vultures
Have your lawyers patrol hospital trauma centers to approach victims of accidents and talk them into suing the party responsible for the accident.
Judge Consultants
Hire retired judges to work as consultants.
Law School Recruiting
Instead of hiring seasoned lawyers, your firms go to law schools and recruit new graduates.
Legal Services Basics
Assimilate the knowledge to manage a law firm.
Long Hours Policy
It's implicitly understood that to have a good career in your firm, your lawyers have to work at least 12 hours a day.
Earth Internship
All your lawyers briefly go to work on Earth, to see where the code of human law was first created.
Paralegal Exploitation
Your paralegals are expected to work long hours, even if their salaries are low. In your view this is a necessary formative step to becoming a lawyer.
Pro-Lawyer Campaign
Since lawyers are often perceived as slimy figures that exploit the misfortunes of others, your firm launches a media campaign to underline the noble aspects of the profession.
Security Codes
Every document in your office is protected by security codes known only by the lawyer working on the case and his or her staff. These security measures are appreciated by your clients.
Worlds Lawyer Network
Participate in a legal interworld network that monitors all cases, ensuring no precedents that can be useful for your cases is missed.
Alcohol Free Products
Create virgin alternatives for your clients by producing alcohol free: Tequila, Whisky, Rum etc. This forces you to improve quality to make sure that these virgin liquors actually taste good.
Unbreakable Glass Bottle
Your glass bottles have a special external coating that hold glass pieces together when the bottle is smashed. No more loose pieces of glass that drunken customers can cut each other with.
Breathalyzer Seal
To open the bottle, the customer has to lick a seal on the top. If the saliva shows a blood alcohol level that is too high, a sour powder drops into the bottle, making the liquor undrinkable.
Cheap and Strong Liquor
Your factories produce very cheap and strong liquors for the alcoholic that doesn't care about quality, but just wants a robust dose of alcohol. Public opinion is not overly favorable.
Cocktails
You launch a line of cocktail products. The ingredients are separated in special compartmental bottles, but are mixed when the bottle is vigorously shaken.
Ethnic Drink Selection
Since the extraterrestrial worlds' immigrants come from all of earth, it's important to provide a wide selection of their native spirits: from Greek Ouzo to Italian Grappa to Cuban Rum.
Alcohol Recycling
Install a machine vent over your distillers that collects all the alcohol that evaporates, storing it for future reuse.
Extra Strong Volatile Liquor
An over 90 proof liquor to be enjoyed by sniffing its evaporating fumes or diluted in water. One drop of the stuff is enough to get someone sufficiently drunk.
Extraterrestrial Flavors
Use local plants to create new liquor flavors. It will be exotic and save you money on traditional Earth imports.
Headache and Stomach Drug
You add medicines for stomach pain and headaches to your liquors. This helps deal with the hangover. Your liquors become the favorite of heavy party drinkers.
History of Liquor Production
By studying the ancient traditions of producing liquors, it helps you improve the quality and efficiency of your processes.
Light Products
Alcohol makes you fat, but these liquors have fewer calories and less fat.
Liquor Production
Learn how to produce liquors.
Purified Water
Make a point of only using extra-purified water for the production of your liquors.
Taster Team
You hire a team of expert liquor tasters to be sure your products are always top quality.
Universal Organic Distillation
Any organic material can be distilled to create alcohol. Your factories use anything to produce liquors: from farm waste to rubber. The overall quality is not as good but you save a lot money.
Certified Operators
When you sell a machine, you offer your client a course that teaches his or her workers how to use it. They get a Certificate stating that they are qualified to operators of the machine.
Excavator Sensors
Every time your excavators dig, a sensor automatically stops them if it senses metal, this avoids the breaking of any buried pipelines.
External Decorations
Since heavy construction machinery is always part of a city's panorama, you decide to cover them with nice decorations. Citizens appreciate this.
House Machine
A small machine that performs all the heavy work in and around a house: from digging, to shoveling snow, to roof repairs. This is the ultimate tool for any handyman and very easy to build.
Vacuum Operating Machines
Essential for space construction, high quality machines that can operate in a vacuum and in zero gravity.
Machinery Industry
Assimilate the knowledge to get the License to manage machinery factories.
Machine Silencers
Your machines make much less noise than normal machines. This creates a much better working environment for the buyer's workers.
Modular Cranes
Cranes that can reach an enormous height thanks to modular components that can be added at any time.
Monument Specialized Machines
Since there are no historic buildings in the new worlds, all the monuments must be built from scratch. You produce high quality construction machinery especially designed for this purpose.
On-Site Assembled Machines
Your machines are transported to the construction site in pieces and are assembled there.
Parts Service
You have a very efficient parts department that changes any of your machines broken components in no time. You can save on the quality of the original parts.
Remote Control
All your machines can be operated by remote control: handy and very secure.
Robotic Machines
Your machines are completely robot operated. No need for human workers.
Standardized Engine
All the machines you produce are powered by similar engines, derived from a single unique model.
Transportation Plan
You offer a transportation service that moves the machines your clients have bought wherever and whenever is needed, even years after the purchase.
Machine Timer
A timer stops machines after a certain period of continuous use. This measure ensures that workers don't work too many hours in a row.
Automated Carts
Special motorized carts that follow your clients around the supermarket and to the parking lot.
Bag Packers
Workers that bag groceries and put them in the carts for your customers.
Courtesy Buses
A special bus service for your customers: from home to the supermarket and back.
Minimal Item Cashes
Cashes for customers with only few items: it shortens the waiting time.
Flyer Inundation
Massive flyer campaign in the neighborhoods near your supermarkets.
Free Coupons
Give free discount coupons to your customers. They like it and it enables you to guide their next purchases.
Free Parking Lot
Free parking for your customers.
Low Temperature
Your stores are kept cool: keeps food fresh and it ensures customers stay on the move.
Enticing Displays
Items on your shelves are displayed according to the most modern marketing theories so that they attract customers.
Massive Storage
To save on deliveries, you store massive amounts of food, but sometimes it goes bad.
Promotional Stands
In-sore stands that promote new products with free samples.
Special Offer Rotation
All your items are periodically sold at a specially reduced price. In the hopes your customers will continue to buy them once they return to their regular price.
Specially Priced Expired Items
When products expire, you keep them for few more days at a reduced price.
Supermarket Brand
Create a new brand for food which can only be bought at your supermarkets: a way to unite different low quality food suppliers into one brand name.
Supermarket Basics
Learn the basic skills to create and manage supermarkets.
Safe Timer
Your cashiers don't have access to the store safe, it only opens at fixed hours.
Atom Size Metal Sheets
The use of zero-gravity shaping permits you to create sheets of metal that are only a few atoms in width; extremely useful in industrial applications.
Auto-Cooling Suits
Your workers wear suits that have fresh water running over their body to keep them cool in the plant's high temperature environment. Unfortunately, the suits make them a little clumsy.
Built-In Transmitters
The metal parts you produce have a built in transmittor that alerts when the part is ruined.Extremely useful for buried components like pipes.
The metal parts you produce have a built-in transmitter that alerts to when the part is ruined; extremely useful for buried components like pipes.
Cryogenic Steel Cooling
The steel you produce is cooled at cryogenic temperatures making the overall process more efficient.
Extraterrestrial Alloys
The slightly different chemistry and physics of the new worlds allows you to create new alloys that can't be produced on Earth.
The slightly different chemistry and physic's principles on the new worlds allow you to create new alloys that can't be produced on Earth.
Internal Bus System
The living quarters and the working environment in a metallurgic plants have to be distant because of the high temperature. In large plants, an internal bus system improves the efficiency of the work.
A metallurgic plant's living quarters have to far removed from the plant due to its high temperatures. In large plants, an internal bus system efficiently moves workers.
Large Scale Metallurgy Production
Learn the basic skills to manage large scale metallurgy production.
Metallurgy
Basic metallurgy production.
Metallic Art
You recycle the metal pieces thrown away by the production process as artistic sculptures created by an unexistent Earth artist. You gain some reputation as an art expert.
You recycle the metal pieces thrown away from the production process as artistic sculptures created by a fictional artist from Earth. You gain a reputation as an art expert.
Metallurgy Museum
You create a metallurgy museum in your industry headquarter. Watching the history of metal working motivates your employees.
You create a metallurgy museum in your industry headquarters. Viewing the history of metal working motivates your employees.
Nanotechnology Developments
You produce metallics micro parts for nanotechnology uses. It forces your plants to implement a better quality process.
You produce metallics micro-parts for nanotechnology uses. It forces your plants to implement a better quality process.
Zero Gravity Shaping
The shaping of metal is performed in a special free-falling cabin within your plant. The zero-gravity field inside it permits a better quality process.
Ore Screening
Your plants implement an ulterior screening of the ore bought from mines. Costly but improve the quality.
Your plants implement an additional screening process on the ore extracted from mines; costly but improves quality.
Precious Metal Treatment
You recycle the impurity of precious metal not used in the industrial production to create a jewellery line.
You recycle the impurities extracted from precious metal from industrial production to create a jewellery line.
Security Collapsing Mechanism
Your large plants have a system that collapses the furnace in an underground cavity in case of fuse metal leakage. Very effective in emergencies.
Your large plants have a system that collapses the furnace into an underground cavity in the event that fuse metal leakage occurs: very effective in emergencies.
Superconductor Production
By using the high end technology needed to produce superconductors, you improves your products quality.
By using the high-end technology needed to produce superconductors, you increase the quality of your products.
Ultimate Titanium Alloy
Production of the strongest metal alloy ever created by men. Used mainly in aerospace industry.
Production of the strongest metal alloy ever created by man; used mainly in the aerospace industry.
Actor Resort
To attract the best actors and actresses, build a luxurious resort inside your studios where they can live and be pampered while shooting your movies.
Adult Movie Section
Dedicate a part of your studio to adult movies: very cheap industry that guarantees a steady return.
AnimalTraining Grounds
Build stables and cages on your studio lots to train and use animals in your movies. You make a point of treating them in the best possible way for public relations reasons.
Arcade Games
Your theaters are filled with videogames and pinball machines.
Audience Prescreening
Before shipping your movies to theaters you have in-house screenings to see if the audience is going to like it. It avoids flops and maintains the quality of your films at an acceptable standard.
Automatic Projector Machines
No need for projector operators. Unions complains.
Award Lobbying Strategy
Lobby the organizers of famous award shows like the "Intraworld Oscar" to have your movies nominated in all categories.
Big Stars Only
Your movies only have the biggest stars in the principle roles. This is what filmgoers want.
Blockbuster-Only Policy
No artsy-fartsy cultural movies at your theaters. Check your brain at the entrance.
CGI Developers
Your special effects department has a battery of computer artists. Produce artificial images for your movies that seem real to the audience.
Culturally Oriented Movies
Spaghetti westerns, Hong Kong style action, Japanese Monsters etc. Produce movies that appeal to particular cultures.
Discount Day
Once a week, on a fixed day, the price of tickets is halved.
Dubbing Department
Dub your movies in order to reach a broader audience. Some people are too lazy to read subtitles.
DVD Features
While your movie is being shot, produce various extra features for the DVD. Film buffs love the interview with the director and similar behind-the-scenes footage.
Editing Dictatorship
Screw the director, as the producer you have the final say on how the movie is edited-the final cut.
Experimental Filmmaking
Hire unknown directors with revolutionary ideas. The art is more important than the box office, sometimes.
Extras Exploitation
Underpay the extras in your movies. After all they just want to be close to their favorite stars.
Feature Magazine
A monthly magazine that promotes upcoming feature movies in your theaters.
Gore Exploitation
Make low budget gory movies for a guaranteed core audience. This audience doesn't care about quality: good returns are a certainty.
Imperial Chairs
Your customers will love these extremely large and comfortable armchairs.
In-House Writers
Often scripts need last minute changes. You have a group of experienced writers in the studio ready to do the job.
Movie Studios
Assimilate the knowledge to get the License to manage Movie Studios.
Movie Theater Basics
Paperwork for managing movie theaters.
Odorama
Along with images and sound, your theaters have special machines that emanate scents and smells according to the movie's happenings, truly placing customers "in the scene".
Quadraphonic Sound
The best hi-fi sound system available: makes for a truly amazing listening experience.
Sensory Overload
In theater cinemas, customers are exposed to excessive light and sound stimulation, masked as advertisements. They slip in a numb state and are more prone to spend.
Sequels and Remakes
Sequels and remakes of successful movies are a guaranteed revenue-maker. A conservative approach to filmmaking, but it pays off at the box office.
Special Effects Department
Hire a group of artists especially dedicated to special effects: ideal for science fiction and horror movies.
Straight-to-Video Policy
If your movie bombs during the prescreening, you send it straight to video. No point in ruining the reputation of your studio with what is certain to be a flop.
Studio Tour
Offer a studio tour to paying visitors. Another source of revenue and people are happy to take a peek at their favorite stars.
Subliminal Messages
Influence your customers to buy more food or come back again with hidden messages embedded in the movie.
Take-Out Trailers
Distribution of free videos of upcoming movie trailers, for customer's home viewing.
Temperature Variations
The heat and air conditioning units vary the theater's temperature according to the locations shown in the movie: makes for a more intense and realistic experience.
Tight Shooting Schedules
It's imperative that your crews stay on deadline. You don't want the movie budget to explode.
Touch Stimulation
Devices on armrests apply pressure on fingers and palms to stimulate the same emotions and stresses in the film.
X-Rated Movies
Some of your theaters feature adult only films.
Yearly Festival
Every year your theaters feature a theme movie festival.
Soundproof Walls and Doors
Completely soundproof walls and doors. More privacy, but nobody can't hear what's going on.
Self-Cleaning Air Shafts
The building's air shafts are cleaned daily by a special robot.
Unisex Bathrooms
Each floor only has one bathroom to be shared by all employees on it.
Self-Shading Windows
Windows made of special glass that automatically darken when exposed to intense light: reduces glare.
Day Care
Every office building has a day care facility for parents that work there.
Guard Stand
For security reasons, at the entrance of the office building, there are armed guards.
Live Music
A small musical ensemble plays classical music in the building's main entrance: a very welcoming scene for whoever enters the building.
Universal Access
Your buildings don't have a single corner that isn't accessible by wheel chair.
Indoor Gardens
Many green areas are scattered throughout the common areas of your buildings: beautiful plants and clean air.
Lights-On Policy
The lights are always on, even at night. More secure and no one can tell who is in and who is out.
Light Therapy Rooms
Another effective way to relieve stress is to expose your body to a mild uniform light. All of your buildings have a room specially designed for this purpose.
Metal Detectors
To avoid the presence of any weapons, metal detectors are attached to the guard stand.
No Smoking Policy
Office buildings are completely smoke free.
Office Rental Basics
Paperwork to build and rent offices.
Open Spaces
Entire floors with no dividing walls: you are able to accommodate more people in the same space.
Police Alarm
An alarm is directly connected to the police station, ideal for an emergency.
Pollution Measuring Device
Every entrance of your building has a device that measures the pollution level immediately outside the building. People can wait for a low reading before going out.
Puppy and Kitten Room
It has been proven that playing with puppies and kittens relieves stress. Your office buildings have a puppy and kitten room where workers can go when they need to calm down.
Robotic Flying Cameras
The security rounds are performed by small flying robots with cameras connected to the guard room.
Soft Carpets
Very soft carpets cover the floors and corridors: very nice to walk on.
Official Greeter
An official greeter in uniform stands outside the main entrance and greets and directs visitors; this also ensures weirdoes and other undesirables are kept out.
Study the most advanced topics in extraterrestrial geology. This is mandatory in order to conduct more advanced research in this field.
Protect your workers from the toxic emissions, native to the planet.
Advanced Sensors
Extra air shafts make it easier for workers at the mines, but the abundance of oxygen can corrupt some delicate minerals.
Stop mining the same way you did on earth; take advantage of specific planet conditions.
Instead of carrying out large explosions in your mines, hundreds of small explosions are carried out in order to uncover ore deposits.
Miner Locators
Learn the basic skills to deal with mining.
Create large populations of rock eating bacteria to facilitate access to minerals. This practice has not been proven harmful to humans. However, workers remain skeptical about this fact.
Replace humans with droids to work on the most dangerous tasks.
Mineral Adulteration
The mining carts are managed by remote control from a centralized office.
Use highly dense steam-beams to melt rock and uncover ore.
Develop underground charts of the areas where your mines operate. It not only helps manage your operations, but it also increases the sense of security.
Alternative Sources
Use alternative raw materials like hemp and kenaf to produce paper. Save some trees and improve efficiency.
Chameleon Paper
Based on the principle of litmus paper, produce special sheets of paper that can change color when immersed in different liquid solutions: your customers love the whimsy of it.
Extraterrestrial Fibers
Extraterrestrial wood can be slightly different from Earth's wood. Study those differences to improve the paper production.
Food Containers
Produce specially designed hygienic containers for food storage: it appeals to the safety-conscious consumer.
Handmade Paper
Hire artisans able to create beautiful handmade paper: for the most demanding customer. This paper is not cheap, but the quality of this product is dramatically enhanced.
Do-It-Yourself Paper Kit
Have your artisans prepare a special kit, to be sold in stores, for people who want to create their own paper: a new line of business.
Banknote Contract
Provide high quality paper to the mint to print banknotes: a very high profile contract.
Packaging
Produce cardboard boxes and other paper-based packaging: very in demand.
Paper Bag Campaign
Launch a massive campaign to promote the use of paper bags instead of plastic ones in stores. Increase the demand for your products, while coming across as environmentally friendly.
Paper Clothes
Produce cheap but attractive attire, completely made out of high quality paper.
Paper History
Study how paper was made on early Earth; it will provide you with insights on how to improve the quality of your paper.
Paper Industry Basics
Basic skills to manage paper manufacturing.
Paper Knives
Everybody knows how nasty a paper cut be: create a line of knives with paper blades, ideal for cutting soft materials.
Parchment
Produce ancient style paper with modern equipment. Very nice to look at and perfect for diplomas or certificates.
Recycling Facility
Build a recycling facility inside your plants so that you to use old paper towards making your new products: very cost-effective and environmentally friendly.
Tissue Production
Add a cleaning line to your product offering: paper towels and other paper-based cleaning products make for a very lucrative business.
Allergy Database
A massive database with remedies for any kind of drug allergy reaction. Very useful in emergencies.
Compulsory Allergy Testing
Before buying any of your drugs, your customers are tested to see if they are allergic to it. This test avoids dangerous anaphylactic reactions.
Smart Drugs
Your drug bottles have a small built-in transmitter that calls the customer's pager or cell phone when it's time to take their medicine.
Cigarette ID Policy
Cigarettes are only sold upon the presentation of valid ID.
Common Drugs Special Offer
Widely used drugs like Aspirin are periodically offered at a special price.
Courtesy Chairs
Filling prescriptions can take some time, your customers appreciate a comfortable waiting area where they can sit and relax.
Doctor Writing Decipherer
Devices designed to correctly decipher the notoriously non-comprehensible writing of doctors: prevents dangerous errors.
Do-It-Yourself Kit
Some drugs can be prepared by a very simple natural distillation process. Your company provides do-it-yourself kits for New Age customers or aspiring pharmacists.
Emergency Hot Line
A 24 hour call center to help treat allergic reactions or overdoses.
Extraterrestrial Vitamins
The new worlds offer a wide variety of new vitamins that when properly prepared are very beneficial to humans. You also save on the more costly production of earth vitamins.
Family Plan
Discounts for families whose members buy medicine only at your stores.
Film Processing Center
A quick way for your clients to develop their pictures at your drugstores.
Fluorescent Capsules
Having problem finding your pills on your night table? This is the perfect solution!!
Hibernation Center
Create a hibernation center, under the industry headquarter, to cryogenically store terminally ill persons that can't be cured by your medicine.
Homeopathic Drugs
For users of homeopathic medicines.
Magazines and Books
Your customers can buy magazines and paperback books at your drugstores.
Male Birth Control and Viagra Pill
The male birth control pill is already widely used, but one of your marketing geniuses had the idea of combining it with Viagra, the sexual booster. The product's success is massive and instantaneous.
Medicinal Cocktail
Some people have to take many different drugs every day. On request, your factories can prepare a single pill containing all of a customer's daily medicinal needs in the perfect single dosage.
Natural Remedy Advisor
Free advice for customers with annoying aches and pains that don't warrant the use of a medicine.
Drug Recycling
Your company implements a drug recycling policy.
Antidote Add-On
Every drug product you sell comes with a small bottle of antidote, in the event the customer has an overdose.
Perfume Section
Your drugstores sell toiletries and high-end perfumes.
Pharmaceutical Production
Learn how to produce pharmaceuticals.
Prescription Real-time Check
Before giving customers any medicine, pharmacists call doctors to check that the prescription is authentic.
Pressure Measurement Machines
Free do-it-yourself blood pressure measurement machines for your customers use.
Safe Sex Campaign
Periodically, you stock up in birth control and then launch a massive Safe Sex Campaign. This proves to be a very successful marketing strategy and you seem socially conscious.
Childrenproof Cap
The caps on your products can't be opened by children.
Suppository Ban
Nobody likes to use this uncomfortable way of taking medicine. Your factories successfully replace it with a more pleasant oral form, which is just as quick-acting.
Human Testing
You launch a drug testing project using paid volunteers. While very helpful to your research, the public opinion sees this as an aberration.
Vivisection Ban
Experiments are no longer carried out on animals.
Young Pharmacists
Only hire young and relatively inexperienced pharmacists to save money on their salaries.
Child Friendly Plastic Bags
To avoid children asphyxia tragedies, you create plastic bags with areas of biodegradable material that dissolve when touched by saliva. Parents see you as a hero.
Biodegradable Plastic-Like Material
You produce a plastic-like material derived from corn. It can replace the plastic used in some minor applications and it gives you the ecologist's seal of approval.
Ecological Awareness Campaign
You launch a campaign encouraging people to bring old plastic products to your recycle centers: cost-effective and environmentally sound.
Extra Strong Plastic
Using the sound wave molder technique, you can actually create a plastic as strong as many metals.
Impure Extraterrestrial Oil Removal
Extraterrestrial oil has slightly different impurities compared to earth's oil; in order to ensure that a high quality plastic is produced, it's necessary to change its cleaning process.
Grow Your Own Plastic Plant
A new plastic on Earth has been discovered; it grows when wet with turpentine. While it's too fragile for any industrial applications, as an artificial plant, it becomes a great gift idea.
Laser Plastic Cutter
Your factories implement a revolutionary technique of cutting plastic with lasers. Its extreme precision opens you to new lines of business.
Plastic Clothes Line
Your factories produce a clothes collection made entirely of plastic. It is an immediate hit with S&M lovers.
Plastic Recycling Centers
Your factories have recycling points where used plastic is molded and used in the production of new plastics.
Plastic Production
Learn how to produce plastic.
Pro-Plastic Campaign
To increase the consumption of plastic, your marketing department launches a media campaign on its positive qualities. The productions of plastic increases but ecologists are not happy.
Recycling Filters
Your filters automatically collect and recycle any particles produced from the gas emissions that result from the plastic production process. It helps the environment too.
Sound Wave Molder
Melted plastic is molded using sound waves, by using very precise emitters it's possible to shape plastics almost as well as physical molders. You also create a new type of heavily clustered plastic.
Space Applications
Thanks to the extra strong plastic, your products now have many applications in outer space.
Ultra Thin Plastic
The laser cutting technique enables you to produce extremely thin plastic sheets. One of the most successful applications of this technology is a new condom. Right-wing religious groups protest.
Imitation Plastic Wood
You produce a special line of plastic sheets that look like wood and are used to make furniture: more trees are saved.
Advanced Food Refinement
Provides extra advanced processing in order to increase food quality.
Brume Syndrome Correction
Detects food capable of developing Brume's Syndrome.
Basic Food Refinement
Provides extra processing in order to increase food quality.
Ethnic Meals
You hire chefs of different nationalities to prepare frozen ethnic meals.
Food Processing
License to process food.
Food Quality Control
Helps spot food in state of decomposition.
Low Fat Line
Special low fat products for overweight people.
Large Scale Food Processing
Learn the basic skills to create and manage large food processing plants.
Organic Chemicals
Substitute some non-organic chemicals by processed subproducts.
Radioactive Enlargements
Enlarge vegetables and meat by exposing it to healthy doses of radioactivity.
Recurrent Food Production
Use sub-products as raw materials for food processing.
Recipe on the Box
All your products have a recipe printed on the box. A cooking suggestion for your customers.
ROOG Correction
Detects food with tendency to become ROOG.
Silicon Applications
Increase meat production. (No further explanation needed.)
Solar Refrigeration
Uses non-polluting solar energy to cool meat.
Substitutive Products
Alternative products like corn bread, tofu and vegetable based dairy: for customers with allergies and digestive problems.
Water Applications
Water can be very useful in enlarging chicken breasts and extending dairy products.
Protect your workers from the toxic emissions native to the planet.
Advanced Chemical Sensors
Instead of carrying out large explosions in your mines, hundreds of small explosions are carried out in order to uncover ore.
Learn the basic skills to manage mining.
Create large populations of rock eating bacteria to facilitate access to ore. This practice has not been proven harmful to humans. However, workers remain skeptical about this fact.
Chemical Adulteration
Adopt-A-Floor Campaign
Your residents can adopt a floor and participate in its maintenance. Their name will be on a plaque on their respective floor.
Advanced Aromatherapy
Use scents to make your rooms and halls more pleasant.
Advanced Decor
Learn advanced decor techniques.
AI Manager
The building is completely run by a computer.
Air Deliveries
Home deliveries are performed by special mini-helicopters that come to apartment's windows: much quicker than the traditional delivery method.
Anti-Pollution Paint
Develop a special kind of paint that can absorb pollution.
Anti-Radiation Windows
Install windows that will stop harmful radiation from industrial facilities.
Anti-Radiation Walls
Develop walls that will stop harmful radiation from industrial facilities.
Bungee Jumping
People that want to try this form of extreme entertainment can do so from the top of your buildings.
Cleaning Monitoring System
A camera system monitors the common areas of your building and sends cleaners only when necessary.
Surveillance
Install a close-circuit TV for surveillance.
Colossus
A giant statue in the main entrance enhances the beauty of your building: beautiful but strangers come to see it.
Communities
Some floors of your building are rented only to people sharing a similar lifestyle, like gays, punks, ravers, etc.
Complimentary Cars
Instead of having their own cars, your residents use cars offered by the administration.
Controlled Riots
To ease the social pressure on the most crowded floors, your staff organize controlled riots in areas of the building with little that can get trashed.
Daily Cleaners
Have a professional firm clean your buildings' common areas, entrances and corridors everyday.
Digital Paintings
Instead of real paintings, your hallways have ultra-flat screens with images of famous paintings in heavy rotation.
Electric Fences
Install electrical fences to electrocute intruders and unwary animals.
Emergency Parachuting
In such massive building, using the stairs in an emergency is ineffective. Every tenant has a parachute so that they can launch themselves when needed.
Background Music
Add background music your building's common areas to make them more pleasant.
Escort Service
To avoid muggings in the hallways, your tenants, by request, are escorted by guards to and from their apartment to the building entrance.
Feng Shui
The common areas of the building are decorated according this oriental discipline.
Fish Tanks
Install fish tanks in lobbies and halls to calm nervous tenants.
Gardener
Hire a professional gardener to take care of the green spaces around and inside your buildings.
High Security Floors
Some floors are closed and patrolled by guards: the best way to ensure the maximum level of security for residents.
Window Cleaning Robots
Small Robots climb up and down your building to ensure windows are always clean.
Global Filters
Seal the whole building and install enormous air filters. A very effective way to fight pollution, but security is a concern, since high-tech criminals can send special probes through the air shafts.
Gun Compartments
Install voice-activated compartments in the building's hallways that release a gun when activated by a password.
Convex Hall Mirrors
Install convex mirrors to enable tenants to easily detect danger in the corridors.
Hallway Trees
The building's larger hallways are lined with trees. They look nice and purify the air, but could provide criminals with a hiding place.
High Speed Elevators
The user enters a ball that completely envelops them and adheres to their body and is then propelled up or down by a high pressure shot of air: efficient and fun.
Hobo Recruiting
Several communities of pariahs spring up in the hidden recesses of these huge buildings. You decide to hire them to perform janitorial duties.
Holiday Centers
Special built-in resorts, available exclusively to your residents. Some people never leave the building.
Internal Zoo
For the children, your building has an internal zoo,
Interior Expansion
Easily enlarge room interiors by making walls thinner.
Mobile Apartments
The apartments are built on enormous rails which move every few days. Residents have a ever-changing view and get a chance to often change their neighborhood.
Oxygen Masks
Install disposable oxygen masks in all your buildings' corridors and lobbies.
Paintings
Create a system to purchase and install paintings in the common rooms, lobbies and corridors of your buildings.
Patrolled Buildings
Establish a patrol system to prevent suspicious individuals from entering the building's perimeter.
House Rental Basics
Learn how to build housing units.
Scent Diffusers
Special dispensers diffuse perfume-free chemical scents in the air to please and soothe your tenants.
Sculptures
Create a system to purchase and install sculptures on the patios, in the lobbies and corridors of your buildings.
Sealed Environment
The building is pressure-sealed from the outside, drastically reducing pollution.
Self-Defense Training Courses
Teach your tenants how to defend themselves from criminal attacks.
Suicide Terrace
On top of the building, a special terrace provides a quiet place for those who want to die. They fall on a dedicated area on the grounds, without causing any harm to others.
Zero Tolerance Rent
Your tenants are immediately evicted if they don't pay rent.
Bring-Your-Own Ingredients
Your clients can bring along some ingredients and have them cooked by your chefs, this is very much appreciated by customers with many allergies and sensitive stomachs.
Compulsory Reservations
To give an elite aura to your restaurants, you make reservations obligatory. It's efficient, but you lose out on impulsive customers.
Ethnic Restaurants
Nationally specialized restaurants: from Greek taverns to Chinese pagodas to Italian pizzerias. Every restaurant has their own authentic chef.
Extraterrestrial Recipes
Recipes made using plants found on the new extraterrestrial worlds.
Kid's Meals
A special menu made specifically for children makes your restaurant a favorite for families.
Non-Authentic Chefs
Soon you realize your ethnic restaurants don't necessarily need an authentic chef (of the same nationality). Any local guy can learn to cook the dishes and they cost much less.
Professional Waiters
Hire professional waiters and waitresses instead of students looking for some quick cash. They cost more but the service is much better.
Refrigerated Ingredients
Much cheaper than buying fresh ones every day, they don't taste as good though.
Restaurant Basics
Paperwork for managing restaurants.
Romantic Lounge
For couples who enjoy romantic music and candlelight.
Sommelier
Expert advisor to ensure for the perfect combining of food and wine, he also takes care of the cellar.
Table Microphones
Order your food from small microphones on the table: fast and fun.
Take-Out
Take-out meals for busy people with good taste.
Violin Player
There's nothing more romantic than a tzigane violin player to accompany your dinner.
Wine Cellar
Your choice of wines is greatly improved. You are also able to offer vintage bottles.
Restaurant Subscription
For people who like to regularly go to the same restaurants: reduced prices for loyal customers.
Advanced Silicon Sensors
Develop more efficient methods to detect impurities in silicon.
The miners use hydraulic exoskeletons to extract the ore, this method is very fast but not as precise.
Create large populations of rock eating bacteria to facilitate access to silicon. This practice has not been proven harmful to humans. However, workers remain skeptical about this fact.
Silicon Adulteration
Learn how to introduce doses of common rock in order to increase production.
Advanced Rock Sensors
Develop more efficient methods to detect impurities in rocks.
Create large populations of special bacteria to facilitate access to rock. This practice has not been proven harmful to humans. However, workers remain skeptical about this fact.
Rock Adulteration
Learn how to introduce doses of common substances in order to increase production.
Use highly dense steam-beams to more easily uncover ore.
Award Shows
Create many awards show so that audiences can watch their favorite celebrities all dressed up and smiling. Nobody actually cares about the award itself; it's the pomp and pageantry they love.
Television
Assimilate the knowledge about the television industry.
Cartoons
Produce animated shows for children and older audiences. From 'Spider Man vs. The Pathran Man-Eater' to the 'The Simpsons and Fritz the Cat conquer Planitia' every viewer will find something to enjoy.
Commentators For the Blind
For the blind, you have a commentator who describes the scenes on TV during the dialog pauses. For the first time those who can't see are not limited to radio.
Detective Series
Criminal vs. police stories have always constituted a big part of television programming. Create a new series that deals with the struggle for justice, on earth and on the new worlds.
Digital Platforms
Thanks to digital signals, you can literally offer thousands of new channels. People love to surf TV; channels like 'The Laundry Tips Station' or 'The Prostate Surgery Network' keep them satisfied.
Infomercials
A quick way to make money is to sell unpopular broadcasting hours to vendors of useless gadgets like 'The Amazing Carrot and Sausage Peeler' or 'Sulphuric Acid Acne Remover'.
Investigative Journalism
Programs like '60 Minutes' or '20/20' made TV history and were vehicles for social justice and political accountability. Imitate them and unveil hidden government scandals in the new worlds.
Late Night Shows
Hire comedians to host late night talk show offering variations of the same jokes all over again. Your late night audiences will be half asleep anyway.
Laugh Track Ban
Instead of using laugh tracks, hire live audiences to laugh at the jokes in your sitcoms. A little more expensive, but sounds natural and you create more jobs.
Local News
People love to watch news about their town, even if the most poignant piece of news is about a hot dog eating contest. This program is cheap and carries a steady audience.
New Talent Scouts
Hire talent scouts to hunt down local unknown actors and actress to employ in your production. They come cheap and are keen to work.
Pay-Per-View
With the excuse that customers have to pay a special fee for them, you broadcast anything: adult movies and violent sports are just the tip of the iceberg.
Quiz Shows
Quiz shows are always popular and are cheap to make. People enjoy rooting for contestants and like to dream about what they would do if they won a lot of money.
Reality Shows
Programs like 'Survivors XXXII: The Venusian Landscapes' or 'Temptation Asteroid' are expensives and considered trash by the critics, but the public can't get enough of them.
Sexy Variety Shows
Produce old style variety shows with a predominant T&A element. 'The Wet T-Shirt Contest' or 'Bikini Mud Wrestling' are common examples.
Single Sport Channels
Add single sports channels. Broadcast channels with traditional sports, like soccer or tennis, but add new and unknown disciplines like 'Rope Jumping Over Lava' or 'Zero Gravity Parachuting".
Sitcom Invasion
Take successful situation comedies like 'Friends Grandchildren' or 'Frasier Resurrected' and create spin-offs and crossovers to bank on characters people already love.
Soap Opera Excellence
Study the origins and the most successful examples of this popular genre in order to produce a high quality series. South Americans were the masters and their legacy is what you try to live up to.
Subtitles
For hearing impaired viewers, all your programs come with subtitles, in the original or other languages. You even have an icon system for those in your viewing audience that are illiterate.
Trashy Talkshows
Produce shows that would make Jerry Springer fans turn red in embarrassment. The man who chooses a limping goat over his 450 pounds transsexual lover is just one example of the average guest.
Extraterrestrial Timber
The slightly different chemical and physical properties in the new worlds enable you to develop new wood types that can't be produced on Earth.
Mad Tree Disease Control
Make sure your trees aren't affected by the Mad Tree bacteria found in the colonies.
Aromatic Wood
Wood with built-in aromatic properties.
Atom Size Wood Sheets
The use of zero gravity shaping permits you to create sheet of woods very few atoms in width: extremely useful in industrial applications.
Cat Repellent
Your trees will repel cats. Without this technology, trees are at the mercy of these vicious felines and the fireman that invariably come in their rescue.
Colored Trees
Trees will grow in different colors. Furniture shops love this.
Timber Production
Knowledge for basic timber production.
Green Music
Grow trees using New Age Tree Music. Trees grow bigger, faster, but the wood they produce is a bit moody.
High Density Wood
Produce high density wood. It's more resistant and durable.
The living quarters and the working environment in a wood plant have to be far apart due to the high temperature environment. In large plants, an internal bus system makes travel efficient.
Timber Museum
You create a Timber Museum at your industry headquarter. Knowing the history of timber motivates your employees.
You produce micro timber parts for nanotechnology uses. It forces your plants to implement a better quality process.
Sensible Fertilizing
Use special fertilizers that will increase the quality of your timber.
By using the high end technology needed to produce superconductors, you improve your products quality.
Siamese Trees
Produce mutant trees that will feature two full grown tress for every set of roots.
Wood Bubbles
Trees will generate large mutant cells filled with air, increasing wood production.
Action Figures
On the wave of success generated by your main videogame title, you launch a line of action figures based on it.
Adult Game Line
Launch a line especially designed for adults, from brain challenging puzzles to erotic board games.
Aggressive Marketing Campaign
Once a client buys a toy from you, they are targeted by an aggressive marketing campaign: flyers in the mail and phone calls to promote the next toy they should buy.
Entertainer Service
You offer a professional entertainer service for children's parties: less headache for parents.
Kid Surveillance
A theory exists about aliens giving us the new worlds to kidnap our children. Since toy stores are one of the best places to find children alone, you hire professional guards to watch them.
Anti-Choking Toys
All the little pieces that could cause a child to choke are removed from your toys: parents are thankful.
Assembly Specialists
For parents that go crazy assembling those complicated toys for their kids; special employees go to customers houses and assemble the toys for them.
Charity Donations
You donate the used toys, form the trade-in campaign, to charity.
Children's Book Collection
Hire a bunch of mediocre writers to produce hundreds of books that are greatly enjoyed by children.
Christmas Wish List
An online toy register where children can post what they want for Christmas and their relatives can consult this list to buy just the right toys. The Santa Claus legend comes to an end.
Cool Toys Only
Your stores only carry the coolest toys. You don't have the best selection, but you can count on certain sales.
Educational Toys
Your factories specialize in toys that help with a child's development. They are very easy to build and much appreciated by parents.
Electronic Homing Device
Tired of your children loosing their most expensive toys? With this small remote device you can always find them.
Costume Uniforms
Your cashiers and shop attendants are dressed in popular costumes like Zorro or Harlequin, this attracts and fascinates children.
Halloween Costumes
You provide a custom costumes line for this scary night. The implementation is a little costly but the holiday is very popular, even adults are nostalgic about it.
Lifetime Toy Supply
For a monthly fee, your company provides all the toys that a kid will need over the course of their entire life. For parents with no imagination or time, this is a great option.
Pre-Tot Toys
A special line of toys for newborns to 2 year olds.
No Name Toy Reproduction
Whenever a new toy sensation comes out, instead of buying the real one, you stock up on cheap reproductions by no name companies.
Untraditional Gender Toys
You launch an ambitious line with the intent of making boys want traditionally girl oriented toys and vice versa. Examples are the "The Army Rations Cooking Machine" and "The G.I. Joe Boutique".
Old Fashioned Toys
You try to create a revival of old lame earth toys, like wooden cars or tin soldiers. Very cheap to produce but the quality suffers.
Outdoor Play Structures
You have a big contract with city hall to provide the city's parks with play structures; they're cheap and easy to make, and children love them.
School Polls
Your toy designers periodically go to schools to find out what kind of products the children would enjoy the most.
Police Alerting Doll
A normal looking doll with a transmitter inside that alerts police when the child is being molested, either by strangers or their parents.
Santa Claus Delivery
Hire a bunch of people to dress like Santa Claus on Christmas night and deliver the toys ordered by parents to the children houses. It's the oldest earth legend of all coming true.
Shop Shipping Network
That particular toy isn't in the shop? By connecting to all your stores, you can have it delivered from any other location in two hours.
Special Toy Advisors
Don't know what to buy your kid for Christmas? Ask one of our special advisors who are always on top of what's cool and what's not.
Toy Sterilization Device
A free device to sterilize newborn toys: now parents feel secure in the fact that their kids can gleefully chew on their germ free toys.
Toy Production
Learn how to produce toys.
Toys Testing Areas
Special rooms where children can try out toys before buying them, this is very much appreciated by parents that can avoid wasting money on a passing fancy.
Trade-In Used Toys
Discounts on new toys when used ones are traded in.
Videogame Console
Produce a console and a bunch of videogames for teenagers. Success is guaranteed by your main title, an intergalactic adventure inspired by the appearance of Portals.
