Add beds to reading areas in your stores so people can try bed-time books and stories.

Flirting
You hire nice looking people to flirt with potential customers and offer to discuss Melville at a nearby cafe.

Form part of a bookstore network that allows customers to locate rare books.

Use silk, leather and other resistant threads to make luxurious book covers.

Free in store repairment center for your clients.

A cordless mouse makes no much difference in one computer, but today people love gadgets.

You give customers one year free access to the new world Internet. Seems cool, but with worlds just started, the sites are very few.

With a small amount of money, your customers can have one of your technician going to their house and hook-up all their computers in a LAN.

Take the used computers of your customers and give them, after a quick check-up to charity organizations for free.

Pay some computers developer to come and pretend to program in a glass cage in the middle of your store for your customer to see how the software is created.

Dinner sets are showcased along with food so customers can get the entire experience.

Special discount to the clients that accept to buy all the furniture from your store.

Create a course to teach customers the tricky art of sleeping in a hammock.

Get the License and basic knowledge to manage furniture factories.

Produce tiny furniture for kids.

Build all your furniture from a very small set of pieces.

Furniture will learn from the user so it can serve him best.

Develop a special glue that will keep furniture pieces together for centuries.

A procedure is applied to grow the wood pieces to be used. The results are unnoticeable, but furniture is prone to break when used by overweight individuals.

Produce pieces that will recognize criminal fingerprints and cast numerous thorns in a legitim self-defensive act.

Produce the famous Universal Chair, designed by the late Michael Chang.

Market your store used furniture, every week.

This will allow the production of wooden delicate furniture that will endure harsh weather (like a refined Luis XIV barbacue set).

Ministry Administration

Water Quest Licenses
Build urban structures over the water. Since it will allow you to build residential, commerce and offices over the water this research will take 3 IFEL Licenses.

Superconductors Production

Build a luxurious resort inside your studios to attract the best actors and actresses. During the shooting they live in the maximum comfort.

Lobby with the organizers of famous prize shows like the Intraworld Oscars to have your movies nominate in all the categories.

Your movies have only the biggest stars in the main roles. They are what people want to watch on the screen.

Your Special Effects department has a battery of computer artists. Produce artificial images for your movies that seems real to the audience.

Assimilate the knowledge to get the License to manage Movie Studios.

Hire a group of artists fully dedicated to special effect crafting. Ideal for Science Fiction and Horror movies.

Offer a tour of the studio to paying visitors. Another source of income and people are happy to take a peek at their favorite stars.

It's imperative that your crew stays in the deadline for the shooting of the movie. You don't want the budget to explode.

A cameras system monitors the common areas of your building and send cleaners only if strictly necessary.

The larger hallways of the building are lined with trees. They look nice and purify the air.

Special built-in resorts exclusively available to your residents. Some people start to never leave the building.

For the joy of the children, your building has an internal zoo.

The apartments are built on enormous rails which move every few days. Residents have a ever-changing view and get a chance to often change their neighborhood.

Special dispensers free perfumed chemicals in the air to please and soothe your tenants.

The building is pressure sealed from the outside to drastically reduce pollution.

On top of the building, a special terrace provides a quiet place for those who want to die. They fall on a dedicated area on the ground without causing any harm to others.

Your tenants are immediately evicted if they don't pay the rent.

Create many awards show in which people can see their favourite celebrities dressed up and smiling. Nobody cares about the validity of the prices that they win.

For blind people you have a commentator who describes the scenes on the TV in the dialog pauses. For the first time those who can't see are not limited to radio.

Criminal vs Police stories have always been a big part of television programming. Create new series that deals with the struggle for justice, on Earth and on the new worlds.

Thanks to the digital signal, you can offer thousands of channels. Provide channels like 'The Laundry Tips Station' or 'The Prostate Surgery Network' to keep surfers busy.

A quick way to reduce your expenses is to give unpopular hours to vendors of useless gadgets like 'The Amazing Carrot and Sausage Peeler' or 'Sulphuric Acid Acne Remover'

Programs like '60 Minutes' made the history of television as vehicles for social justice. Imitate them and unveil hidden government scandals in the new worlds.

Hire comedians to host late night talk show offering variations of the same jokes all over again. Late at night your audience will be half asleep and won't complain.

Instead of recorded laugh tracks, hire live audiences to laugh at the jokes in your sit coms. A little more expensive, but sounds natural and you create more jobs.

People loves to watch about their town, even when the most poignant piece of news is about the Contest for the Fastest Hot Dogs eater. Cheap and with a steady audience.

Hire scouts to hunt down local unknown actors and actress to employ in your production. They come cheap and eager to make it.

People identify in those who wins millions on TV dreaming about what they could do with that kind of money. For this reason, quiz shows are always popular and cheap to make.

Programs like 'Survivors XXXII: The Venusian Landscapes' or 'Temptations Asteroid' are expensives and considered trash by the critics, but people can't get enough of them.

Produce old style variety shows with tits and asses as common denominator. 'The Wet Shirt Contest' or 'Bikini Mud Fighting' are common features of them.

Add channels specialized in broadcasting only events of a single sport. Throw in new and unknown disciplines like 'Rope Jumping Over Lava' or 'Zero Gravity Parachuting'.

For hearing impared viewers, all your programs come with subtitles, in the original or other languages. You even have an icon system for the illiterates.

Shows that makes Jerry Springer descendants blush. The man who chose a limping goat over his 450 pounds transexual lover is just an example of the average guest.

Make sure your trees won't be affected by the Mad Tree disease bacteria found in the colonies.

Wood will have built-in aromatic properties.
Atomic Size Metal Sheets
The use of no gravity shaping permits you to create sheet of metals of few atoms width. Extremely useful in industrial applications.
Cat Repelent
Your trees will be cat-repelent. Without this technology, trees are at the mercy of these vicious fellines and the fireman that invariably come in their rescue.

Trees will come in color. Furniture shops love this.

Basic Timber production.

Grow tress using New-Age Tree Music. Trees grow bigger, but the wood they produce is a bit moody.
Hi Density Wood
Produce high density wood. More resistant and durable.
The living quarters and the working environment in a metallurgic plants have to be distant because of the high temperature. In large plants, an internal bus system improves the efficiency of the work.

You create a Timber museum in your industry headquarter. Watching the history of timber working motivates your employees.
You produce Timbers micro parts for nanotechnology uses. It forces your plants to implement a better quality process.

Apply special fertilizers that will increase the quality of your timber.
By using the high end technology needed to produce superconductors, you improves your products quality.

Produce mutant trees that will feature two full grown tress for a single set of roots.

Trees will generate large mutant cells filled with air. Wood production is increased.
