Alien Writing
Produce books written with invented alien languages for Sci-Fi fanatics. A niche market but valuable nonetheless.
Big Letters
Old people like to read books with big prints that don't tire their eyes. A sensible and lucrative line of products.
Beds
Add beds to reading areas in your stores so people can try bed-time books and stories.
Best Sellers Only
Your shops will sell best-sellers only.
Book Launchings
Sign some popular authors to launch their books exclusively on your bookstore chain.
Flirting
You hire nice looking people to flirt with potential customers and offer to discuss Melville at a nearby cafe.
Digital Catalog
Your stores will have computers in the halls so customers can find easily the books they want.
Book Finding
Form part of a bookstore network that allows customers to locate rare books.
Holo-Books
Create holographics version of books for the shelves so real books won't get damaged. Holo-books can be taken home for a trial period as well. They will vanish after a set number of days.
Kids Section
Create a department in your stores that will feature only books for kids and people who have suffered severe brain-damage.
Live Writing
Make some of the signed authors go to your stores one day every month and sit in a glass cubicle where he or she will pretend to be working on his/her new project.
Positive Misinformation
You create flyers and posters with all sort of false statements and statistics to make your customers feel smarter: "To have never finished a book is a sign of intelligence. - Goethe"
Poetry Club
You have a pedantic Poetry Club perform in the halls of classical-low priced books. Customers will be diverted to more expensive sections.
Big Sizes
Your stores will publish only books that have been certified as non-offensive to any cult, race, idea or thing embraced or known by any number of persons or things from zero to infinite in the past, present or future.
Braile Section
Your bookstores will have a section for blind people.
Books Trailers
You will produce CGI trailers for the books you sell to spark interest in your clientele.
Used Books
Sell used books.
Braille Books
Produce books in Braille alphabet for blind people. Costly but you come accross as a benefactor.
First Edition Scam
When you print the first edition of a book, you put aside a number of copies to sell them after several years as collection items if the book is successful.
Flowery Letters
Put beautiful artistic letters at the start of the different chapters, just like in ancient miniated manuscripts.
Flyers
Specialize in low-quality printing for flyers and other bulk advertisement products.
Font Database
Any font ever invented on earth or on one of the new planets is stored in a huge database. Maximum variety for your clients.
High Quality Pictures
Specialize in printing pictures at a very high quality standard.
History of Printing
From Gutenberg to laser printing, study all the advancement in the history of printing to improve the quality of your products.
Holograms
Learn how to apply holograms on paper. They are very cool to look at and really difficult to forge.
Luxury Bindings
Use silk and leather along with extra resistant threads to make the covers of your books.
Mint Outsourcing
When the immigration rate is high in the new worlds, the mint can't produce enough local currency and out-sources banknote printing to your plants. The return is high and it raises your business profile.
Plasticized Books
Produce books whose pages are covered with a tiny film of transparent plastic, so that the customers can read it underwater.
Printing Industry Basics
Basic skills to manage Printing Plants.
Quality Magazines
Print high-end magazines for a cultural savvy audience.
Watermarks
Learn how to engrave sheets of paper with precious filaments of metal.

Alternative Cases
Create luxury cases for your CDs, so that they will look nice on bookshelves or racks.
Anti Copying System
If someone try to duplicate your CDs, they destroy themselves melting in the burner, hopelessly ruining it.
Artist Subscription
Your customers can subscribe to a service that automatically ships them the new CD of their favorite artist when they are released.
Audio Books
Produce audio versions of famous books for blind people and long distance drivers.
Old-fashioned Background Noise
Add the option to play the tracks on your CDs with a faint scratchy background noise for people nostalgic of the vinyl era.
Biodegradable CDs
To avoid that lost CD will stay in the environment forever, use a special plastic like material derived from corn.
CD Players Cleaner
The non playable side of your CDs is specially designed to clean CD players. Simply insert the CD upside down and play it.
CD Signing
Just like with books, have musicians come to your stores to meet the public and autograph the CD they buy.
Dancing Demonstration
When a new Disco song becomes a hit, not everybody knows how to dance to it. Hire professional dancers to perform an in-store demonstration.
Edible CDs
Why stop at biodegrability? Add taste to the special plastic so that poor people can dine on unusued CDs. Strangely enough, banana flavoured ones deliver a better sound quality.
Echologic Lasers
Use enviromentally friendly lasers that don't produce any waste when trashed at the end of their lifecycle.
Fidelity Card
As a promotional offer, your clients get a free CD every ten they buy.
Flexible CDs
Since your CD are unscratchable, you may as well use a lighter and cheaper plastic that bends.
Free for Blind
Blind people can get a free CD every month in your store.
Your workers wear a full body protection to avoid any minimal contact with laser beams.
CD Industry Basics
Basic skills to manage CD Plants.
Infomercial CDs
Recycle old songs in compilations specifically for TV selling. Big audiences grant a good return.
Karaoke Ready
When you play the CDs, the display of the CD player, instead of the track number or length, shows the lirics of the song being played for people to sing along.
Listening Stations
Put several CD players in your stores so that customers can listen to a CD before buying it.
Live Performances
Instead of just signing, the musicians perform pieces of their CDs live in your store.
Mini CDs
Put entire albums on mini CDs, compressing the tracks. The sound quality suffers a bit, but you save a lot in plastic.
Music Consultant
One of your employee is a music expert who gives advice to your clients based on their personal taste.
Music Snobs
When you want sell a certain CD you overstocked, hire someone that posing as a customer talk loud in the store praising the author as the new Beethoven.
Repairing Station
Your clients can use this automatic machine to fix their scratched CDs.
Rewritable CDs
In case the buyer of the CD get tired of it, he can always reuse it to burn his own stuff.
Singing Stations
Trasform your listening station in soundproof cabin in which karaoke lovers can sing along their favourite songs.
Song Universal Database
Create a universal database in which all the songs ever recorded on Earth and on the New Worlds are registered. Very useful in satisfying your customers requests.
Tunes Expert
To help customers who remember a song but not its title. They can whistle it to your expert who will recognize it immediately.
Unscratchable Surface
It's impossible to scratch your CDs, no matter how hard you try.
Unwanted Bins
Instead of returning the unsold CDs, stick them in a special price bin. You can always hope eventually someone will buy them.
Used Section
People can buy or sell used CD in a special section of your store.

24Hours Support Line
Give your customer a phone line they can call at any time if they have problems with their computer.

Braille Computers
Your stores sell computers built for blind people, with braille keys and special electricity emitting pads that replace the screens.
Goodbye Clones
You don't sell clones anymore, only known brands.
Five Years Warranty
Nowadays computers do not live more than five years. Giving five years warranty it's not very different than giving three years but looks better.
Free Repairment Department
Free in store repairment center for your clients.
Cordless Mice
A cordless mouse makes no much difference in one computer, but today people love gadgets.
Docking Stations
You offer a docking station in whicn your customer can plug-in their portable computers to transform them in desktops.

One Year Free Internet
You give customers one year free access to the new world Internet. Seems cool, but with worlds just started, the sites are very few.
Game Bundling
Your stores give free games and demos with the computers and devices you sell.

Home Theatres style PCs
Home computers can be used like Home Theatres. Ideal for playing games, watching videos and listen to music while pretending to work.
LAN Setup Service
With a small amount of money, your customers can have one of your technician going to their house and hook-up all their computers in a LAN.

PC to Charity
Take the used computers of your customers and give them, after a quick check-up to charity organizations for free.

Programmers Display
Pay some computers developer to come and pretend to program in a glass cage in the middle of your store for your customer to see how the software is created.

Two For One
You offer two computer at the price of ones to your customers and then sell them the LAN setup service to recover the extra cost.
Yearly Inspection and Tune Up
Every computer sold at your store once a year is taken to the repairment center to perform a complete checkup.

Conference Call Funerals
For some can be difficult to attend a funeral, especially in another planet. A special broadcasting and transmitting arrangement permits to say goodbye to the departed through a monitor and a microphone.
Coffin Alarm
For people who are afraid to be buried alive. An alarm is put inside the coffin, along with a reserve of air. If the dead wakes up, he can trigger the alarm and be rescued.
Coffin Vision
Some people cannot live without seeing their lost beloved. You put a camera inside the coffin connected to a monitor that your clients can watch every day. The fact that the body slowly decompose, doesn't seem to bother them.
Sometimes the corpse of a client is in too bad a shape to be displayed. You pay actors to lay down in the coffin camouflaged as the departed for the funeral reception.
Crematory
Your parlours have built-in crematories for people who wants to be burnt to ashes after their departure.
Embalming
Stuff the bodies of your client and treat their skin to prevent putrefaction. Some people like to preserve their beloved for eternity.
Ethnic Ceremonies
From flaming pyres to mummifucation, you offer your clients any possible religious and ethnic funeral.
Family Specials
Book funerals for all the component of your family, no matter their age. Savings for everybody, both the clients and your parlours.
Funeral Parlour Basics
Paperwork for managing funeral parlours.
Halloween Props
Rent the furnitures and accessories used in your funerals for parties on Halloween. A creative way to increase your profit.
Hospital Sentinels
Save money on advertisement by paying someone to monitor hospitals. When a victim of an accident comes in, he will contact the family immediately and offer them your service.
Luxury Urns
For clients that want their ashes kept in over the top, precious urns.
Mediums and Psychics
Hire psychics to have your client discuss with their dead beloved the arrangement of the funeral exactly how they would have liked.
Pet Funerals
Why limit the care for the departed to humans? Lots of animal lovers are willing to pay for a full fledge funeral for their beloved pets.
Wax Museum Connection
When famous people die, you sell to wax museums the exact measures of their body, in order to create a perfect copy for their exposition.
Wigs Production
It's common knowledge that hair keep growing for a while after the death of the body. Use the hair cut from the corpses to create wigs and sell them to unaware specialty shop.
Barbra Straisand furniture
Get a copyright license for the models found at the Barbra Straisand Museum in Tel Aviv. Warning: Some people percieve them as horrible, horrible pieces of furniture.
Flexible furniture
Furniture is prepared to arc gracefully under the weight of the user, creating a very confortable feel.
Assembly courses
Create a deparment to teach customers how to assembly the furniture they buy.
Bring-It-Home
The store will put furniture in the potential buyer's house so it can be tested by the entire family.
Dinner Test
Dinner sets are showcased along with food so customers can get the entire experience.
Full House Special
Special discount to the clients that accept to buy all the furniture from your store.
Hammock Traning
Create a course to teach customers the tricky art of sleeping in a hammock.
Furniture Production
Get the License and basic knowledge to manage furniture factories.
Lifetime Guarantee
Offer lifetime guarantee for the items you sell.
Reparaturabteilung
Reparaturabteilung vor Ort für Ihre Kunden.
Sleep Over program
Allow customers to sleep for one night in the store. An effective way to test beds and mattresses.
Sales People As Customer
When they are hired, your salesmen agree to buy the furniture for their houses only at your store.

Vertical Storage
All the appliances you sell are in rectangular boxes. By storing them one above the other you save a lot of space, but sometimes they are a little scratched.
Growing furniture
Add enough water and sun, and you will be able to grow a Queen size bed to King size in one week.
Kids Line
Produce tiny furniture for kids.
Lego Furniture
Build all your furniture from a very small set of pieces.
Massaging Furniture
Produce furniture that will massage the user. Very relaxing.
Non-combustible furniture
Produce furniture that not only will not burn, but that can be used to put down a fire.
Personalized Furniture
Furniture will learn from the user so it can serve him best.
Psy Chair
Furniture is shaped in a way that will resonate with universal Psy waves, making the user feel connected to the Universe.
Smart Desk
Produce desks with a built-in 1024 bit organizer. It will keep papers organized and remind the user of important events.
Super Glue
Develop a special glue that will keep furniture pieces together for centuries.
Super wood
A procedure is applied to grow the wood pieces to be used. The results are unnoticeable, but furniture is prone to break when used by overweight individuals.
Thorns
Produce pieces that will recognize criminal fingerprints and cast numerous thorns in a legitim self-defensive act.
Universal Chair
Produce the famous Universal Chair, designed by the late Michael Chang.
Used Furniture Market
Market your store used furniture, every week.
Waterproof pieces
This will allow the production of wooden delicate furniture that will endure harsh weather (like a refined Luis XIV barbacue set).

Ministry Administration

Water Quest Licenses
Build urban structures over the water. Since it will allow you to build residential, commerce and offices over the water this research will take 3 IFEL Licenses.

Actors' Resort
Build a luxurious resort inside your studios to attract the best actors and actresses. During the shooting they live in the maximum comfort.
Adult Movies Wing
Dedicate a part of your studio to adult movies. Very cheap industry that guarantees a steady return.
Animals Training Grounds
Build stables and cages in your studios to train and use animals in your movies. You make a point of treating them in the best possible way for public relations reasons.

Audience Pre Screening
Before shipping your movies to the theaters you have in house screening to see if the audience is going to like it. It avoids flops and maintains the quality to an acceptable standard.

Awards Lobbying Strategy
Lobby with the organizers of famous prize shows like the Intraworld Oscars to have your movies nominate in all the categories.
Big Stars Only
Your movies have only the biggest stars in the main roles. They are what people want to watch on the screen.

CGI Developers
Your Special Effects department has a battery of computer artists. Produce artificial images for your movies that seems real to the audience.
Culture Oriented Movies
Spaghetti westerns, Hong Kong style action, Japanese Monsters etc. Produce movies that appeal to particular cultures.

Dubbing Department
Dub your movies to reach a broader audience. Some people don't like subtitles.
DVD Features
While your movie is shot, produce various extra features to be put in the DVD disc. Film buffs love interviews with the director and similar things.
Editing Dictatorship
Screw the director, as the producer you have the final say on the editing of the movie.
Experimental Filmmaking
Hire unknown directors with revolutionary ideas. The art is sometimes more important than the box office.
Extras Exploitation
Underpay the extras in your movies. After all they want just to be close the their favorite stars.

Gore Exploitation
Make low budget splatter movies for a core audience that guarantees a sure return. The quality is not important for them.

In House Writers
Often scripts need last minute changes. You have a group of experienced writers in the studio ready to perform them.
Movie Studios
Assimilate the knowledge to get the License to manage Movie Studios.

Sequels And Remakes
Sequels and remakes of successful movies guarantees a sure revenue. Conservative attitude that pays at the box office.
Special Effect Department
Hire a group of artists fully dedicated to special effect crafting. Ideal for Science Fiction and Horror movies.
Straight to Video Policy
If your movie bombs during the prescreening, you send it straight to video. No point of ruining the reputation of your studio with a sure flop.
Studio's Tour
Offer a tour of the studio to paying visitors. Another source of income and people are happy to take a peek at their favorite stars.

Tight Shooting Schedule
It's imperative that your crew stays in the deadline for the shooting of the movie. You don't want the budget to explode.

Alternative Sources
Use alternative raw materials like hemp and kenaf to produce paper. Save some trees and improve the efficiency.
Color Changing Paper
Based on the principle of litmus paper, produce special sheets that change colors if they are immersed in different liquids. Your clients can have fun with them.
Extraterrestrial Fibers
Extraterrestrial wood can be slightly different from the earth one. Study those differences to improve the paper production.
Food Containers
Produce special hygienic containers to store food. Safety is a major concern.
Hand Made Paper
Hire artisans able to manufacture beautiful hand-made paper for demanding clients. They are not cheap, but the overall quality of your products greatly improves.
Make Your Own Paper Kit
Have your paper artisans prepare a special kit to be sold in stores to people who wants to venture in creating their own paper. A new line of business.
Mint Contract
Provide high quality paper to the mint to print banknotes. Very high profile contract.
Packaging Materials
Produce cardboard boxes and other paper based packaging devices. A very demanded line of products.
Paper Bag Campaign
Launch a massive campaign to promote the use of paper bag over plastic ones in grocery stores. Increase the demand and come across as environmentally friendly.
Paper Clothes
Produce cheap but still good looking attires completely made out of high quality paper.
Paper History
Study how the paper was made in previous centuries on earth, it will give you insights on how to improve the quality of your factories paper.
Paper Industry Basics
Basic skills to manage Paper factories.
Paper Knives
Everybody knows how nasty a paper cut be. Create special knives with paper blades for cutting soft materials.
Parchment
Produce ancient style paper with modern machinery. Very nice to look at and perfect for diplomas.
Recycling Facility
Build a recycling facility inside your plants that allows you to use old paper for your new products. Very costly effective an environmentally friendly.
Tissue Production
Adds tissues and other paper based cleaning products to your line of products. A very lucrative business.

Do It Yourself Kit

Create large populations of rock eating bacteria to ease access to ore. This practice has not proven harmful for human beings. However, workers remain skeptical about this fact.

Adopt A Floor Campaign
Your residents can adopt a floor and participate to his maintenance. Their name will be put on a plaque on the wall of the floor.

AI Manager
The building is run completely by a computer.
Air Borne Deliveries
Home deliveries are performed by special minielicopters that come to the windows of the apartments. Much quicker than the traditional way.

Banjee Jumping
People that want to try this form of extreme entertainment can do so from the top of your buildings.
Cleaning Monitoring System
A cameras system monitors the common areas of your building and send cleaners only if strictly necessary.

Colossus
A giant statue is positioned in the main entrance of your building. Beautiful but strangers come in to see it.
Communities
Some floors of your building are rented only to people sharing a similar lifestyle, like gays, punks, ravers, etc.
Complementary Cars
Instead of having their own cars, your residents use a lot of cars offered by the administration.
Controlled Riots
To ease the social pressure in the most crowded floors, your staff organize controlled riots in areas of the building with little to trash.

Digital Paintings
Instead of real paintings, your hallways have ultra-flat screens with images of famous paintings in heavy rotation.
Emergency Parachuting
In such massive building, reaching the ground with stairs in an emergency it's ineffective. Every tenant has a parachute to launch himself if it's needed.

Escort Service
To avoid muggings in the hallways, upon request your tenants are escorted by guards from the entrance of the building to their apartment door.
Feng Shui
The common areas of the building are decorated according this Oriental discipline.

Gated Floors
Some floors are closed and patrolled by guards. The best to insure the security of the residents.
Glass Cleaning Robots
Small Robots climb up and down your building to keep the windows always clean.

Hallway Trees
The larger hallways of the building are lined with trees. They look nice and purify the air.
High Speed Elevators
The user enter a ball that completely wrap him and adhere to his body and is shot up by a high pressured blow of air.
Hobo Enrolling
Several communities of pariahs naturally spring in the hidden corners of such huge buildings. You decide to hire them to perform janitor jobs.
Holiday Centers
Special built-in resorts exclusively available to your residents. Some people start to never leave the building.
Internal Zoo
For the joy of the children, your building has an internal zoo,

Mobile Apartments
The apartment are built on enormous rails on which they move every few days. The residents have different panoramas from the windows and change their neighborhoods often.

Scent Diffusers
Special dispensers free perfumed chemicals in the air to please and soothe your tenants.

Sealed Environment
The building is pressure sealed from the outside to drastically reduce pollution.

Suicide Terrace
On top of the building, a special terrace provides a quiet place for those who want to die. They fall on a dedicated area on the ground without causing any harm to others.
Zero Tolerance Rent
Your tenants are immediately evicted if they don't pay the rent.

Award Shows
Create many awards show in which people can see their favourite celebrities dressed up and smiling. Nobody cares about the validity of the prices that they win.

Cartoons
Produce animated series for children and adults. From 'Spider Man vs The Pathran Man Eater' to the 'The Simpsons and Fritz the Cat conquer Planitia' everyone will find something.
Commentators For The Blind
For blind people you have a commentator who describes the scenes on the TV in the dialog pauses. For the first time those who can't see are not limited to radio.
Detective Series
Criminal vs Police stories have always been a big part of television programming. Create new series that deals with the struggle for justice, on Earth and on the new worlds.
Digital Platforms
Thanks to the digital signal, you can offer thousands of channels. Provide channels like 'The Laundry Tips Station' or 'The Prostate Surgery Network' to keep surfers busy.
Infomercials
A quick way to reduce your expenses is to give unpopular hours to vendors of useless gadgets like 'The Amazing Carrot and Sausage Peeler' or 'Sulphuric Acid Acne Remover'
Investigative Journalism
Programs like '60 Minutes' made the history of television as vehicles for social justice. Imitate them and unveil hidden government scandals in the new worlds.
Late Night Shows
Hire comedians to host late night talk show offering variations of the same jokes all over again. Late at night your audience will be half asleep and won't complain.
Laugh Tracks Ban
Instead of recorded laugh tracks, hire live audiences to laugh at the jokes in your sit coms. A little more expensive, but sounds natural and you create more jobs.
Local News
People loves to watch about their town, even when the most poignant piece of news is about the Contest for the Fastest Hot Dogs eater. Cheap and with a steady audience.
New Talents
Hire scouts to hunt down local unknown actors and actress to employ in your production. They come cheap and eager to make it.
Pay Per View
With the excuse that customers have to pay for them, you broadcast anything without bothering with moral standards. Adult movies and violent sports are just the tip of the iceberg.
Quiz Shows
People identify in those who wins millions on TV dreaming about what they could do with that kind of money. For this reason, quiz shows are always popular and cheap to make.
Reality Shows
Programs like 'Survivors XXXII: The Venusian Landscapes' or 'Temptations Asteroid' are expensives and considered trash by the critics, but people can't get enough of them.
Sexy Variety Shows
Produce old style variety shows with tits and asses as common denominator. 'The Wet Shirt Contest' or 'Bikini Mud Fighting' are common features of them.
Single Sport Channels
Add channels specialized in broadcasting only events of a single sport. Throw in new and unknown disciplines like 'Rope Jumping Over Lava' or 'Zero Gravity Parachuting'.
Sit Com Invasions
Take successfull situation comedies like 'Grandchildren of Friends' or 'Frasier Resurrected' and create spin-offs and cross-overs to bank on characters people already love.
Soap Operas Excellency
Study the origins and the most successfull examples of this popular genre to produce high quality series. Tap in the Latin American legacy to achieve excellency.
Subtitles
For hearing impared viewers, all your programs come with subtitles, in the original or other languages. You even have an icon system for the illiterates.
Trashy Talkshows
Shows that makes Jerry Springer descendants blush. The man who chose a limping goat over his 450 pounds transexual lover is just an example of the average guest.
Extraterrestrial Timber
The slightly different chemistry and physics of the new worlds allows you to develop new types of wood that can't be produced on Earth.
Mad Tree Disease control
Make sure your trees won't be affected by the Mad Tree disease bacteria found in the colonies.
Aromatic Wood
Wood will have built-in aromatic properties.
Atomic Size Metal Sheets
The use of no gravity shaping permits you to create sheet of metals of few atoms width. Extremely useful in industrial applications.
Cat Repelent
Your trees will be cat-repelent. Without this technology, trees are at the mercy of these vicious fellines and the fireman that invariably come in their rescue.
Colored Trees
Trees will come in color. Furniture shops love this.
Timber Production
Basic Timber production.
Green Music
Grow tress using New-Age Tree Music. Trees grow bigger, but the wood they produce is a bit moody.
Hi Density Wood
Produce high density wood. More resistant and durable.
The living quarters and the working environment in a metallurgic plants have to be distant because of the high temperature. In large plants, an internal bus system improves the efficiency of the work.
Timber Museum
You create a Timber museum in your industry headquarter. Watching the history of timber working motivates your employees.
You produce Timbers micro parts for nanotechnology uses. It forces your plants to implement a better quality process.
Sensible Fertilizing
Apply special fertilizers that will increase the quality of your timber.
By using the high end technology needed to produce superconductors, you improves your products quality.
Siamese Trees
Produce mutant trees that will feature two full grown tress for a single set of roots.
Wood Bubbles
Trees will generate large mutant cells filled with air. Wood production is increased.
